as others have said, your tank is probably too small for tetras to be happy in. I do recommend looking into pygmy gouramis though, they're my absolute favorite gourami to keep.
I just recently purchased one and he’s in QT his “honeycomb” spots are very clear but his red looks almost identical to this guy
They are truly gorgeous! Glad I got into the hobby as everyone who comes over loves them :)
Iirc, there is no one regular cory species, as Corydoba is a genus which contains many different species. cories do not school with different species of the same genus. However, albino corydobas or a breed of the bronze corydobas, so they will school together. Just make sure the regular cory is a bronze cory, and they will school together.
Haha I was too excited when I got them acclimated, I wanted to share them with the community!!
Thanks for the info! And to clarify, you lost tetras, angel, rainbow, and cories. Added cories, lost more cories or more rummynose? 

No redness, no bruising, no refusal to eat, no hiding, no clamped fins, no pale spots, no growths, no fuzzy spots, no fin rot,  no abnormal stool, no swollen bellies, no dull or popped eyes, no white spots, no open sores or holes in heads.
Sorry this pic went sideways?? Anyways I wanted to add that I used existing parts including cycled water from our big 150g, and all the media, rocks and plants are from the old kitchen tank.
Oh ok
Big gloves for these guys! Don’t want to get stung. I hatch brine myself, usually every 48 hours or so I have to start a new batch.
I was hoping a Mexican dwarf wouldn’t be as big as an issue given they’re small with smallish claws.
I love the jelly tank at the Vancouver aquarium. I suspect if I had one in my home, I'd have to quit my job because I'd never stop staring at them, haha.
1-4 years in captivity for Atlantic nettles, longer than in the wild usually. They are a common food source for other sea life so keeping them in a tank is bound to keep them safe from the seals!!! Hahaha
How much does shipping to the US cost and how does customs work? Is it easy to import live animals?
Couldn't be buggered to Windex the glass first, eh mate? Just busting yer chops, looks pleasant. Thanks for sharing.
^ this guy got it. Lots of fresh hatched brine shrimp, sometimes dry nutrient-enriched food, but pretty rarely. Brine shrimp is the best diet for these guys!
Are you importing to Canada? Or? 

The rules for import vary. Individual fish are not expensive; it’s legally importing that’s pricy. You typically have your local seller ship to an import company who handles the paperwork and then they ship domestically to you. The import company brings in fish at the airport/sea port and arranges any required papers, inspections, treatments, etc. 

It’s not uncommon for a shipment to cost about $100 to import (in inspection fees and so forth). 

For resellers, spending $100+ every couple weeks to import and distribute many fish is trivial. To buy one tank full of fish it may not be practical 


Near me, quality LFS will order imported fish they don’t usually carry for a guaranteed buyer. 

(That is, I can say “Can you get me  X number of Y fish?” and they will talk to their importer and buy the fish to resell to me) 

Yes there’s a per-fish markup but overall it’s often cheaper and more reliable.
I wouldn’t do a crayfish because it could fight with the cories
^ true. Having anything besides bare bottom/no decorations will obstruct circular current flow and potentially damage the jellies’ bell (they tear pretty easily).
This is so cool!!!!
They’re brilliant, I couldn’t find many videos with nettles so I need to make some and post them up!
I figured I’d pick up more but didn’t want to overload the tank by adding 6 at once. Do albinos and regular Corys get along or do they prefer their own subspecies?
I do have a special tank, I have the Medusa desktop from ukjellyfish (I think also available on jellyfish warehouse). Maintaining is very similar to a regular saltwater tank, just more careful to not create strong current. They don’t “swim” they are just controlled by current so if you stir up the water, you stir them up too. They can also rip if they get poked with anything, little things like that. Otherwise very easy!
Oh awsome! I suppose you breed the brine shrimp yourself? I've been considering saltwater for a while and I love the super simple, no-decorations look. Not to mention the incredible creatures! I can imagine what'll happen if you weren't careful when cleaning!
Too few cory cats. Get at least 6, but they will be more happy with an even larger group. Otherwise you're fine.
OK, thank you
Nope! I’m not sure how, but I know they don’t haha
Just fresh hatched baby brine shrimp! They really aren’t all too different from regular saltwater aside from being more careful when cleaning and during maintenance!
Well I don’t google stuff because it’s not always true they have no stomach, brain, heart, nothing
45 gallon planted. 

Unaffected include a 6 rummynose and 4 cories. 

Affected were angelfish, 2 cories, 5 rummynose tetras, and a single millennium rainbow 

No quarantine (don't have a second tank) just did the usual acclimation. 

No other new changes, but I did add some plants with the new fish. 

7.6 pH
0 ammonia 
0 nitrite 
~20 nitrate

Tested with the API freshwater master kit. Sorry for rough formatting, on mobile. Thanks for your time.
Females also tend to be a little bigger than males.
Algae growing on all the leaves. Ticks me off and I can never get rid of it.
Google is your friend.  Some jellies are motile, and  with the exception of a few that have symbiotic algea they all eat.
What is their lifespan
Ok
Yea haha. I was worried too when I first got mine. Really easy to take care of too.
I have one like that too it's definitely a clown, mine is shy too but he doesn't get stressed out at all he claimed a big cave made out of some roots for himself and chases every other fish out of it even my big pleco or tilapia they don't even try to go in there anymore it's pretty hilarious xd
- Actual parameters and which test kit/method? 
- Size of tank, what livestock, who had/hadn’t been affected 
- Were the new additions quarantined and/or treated  between purchase and placement in the community tank?
- Any other changes or additions (new water source, new fertilizer, etc)?
Oh ok cool, I didn’t know they were nocturnal so that makes me feel better about it lol
no just rinse it good and ill be fine
IMO you can never go wrong with some dwarf hairgrass or hornwort. Hornwort can get a little wild tho
I second this.
They're nocturnal so most of there movement will be at night. Moat of the time my mystery snail stays in one place all day.
Thanks! I'll either get a snail or just manage the algae myself
Don’t those breed like crazy?
The vinegar won't leave residue will it? Don't want to harm stock.
What type is this? Red honeycomb?
What types of plants are good for a 29 gallom tank that's gon a habe guppies, danios, and cherry shrimp and probably snails and corys and is good for beginners?
>So is more like your head is on the concrete wall, and someone knocks on it. You would definitely hear it.

Uhh you sure about that?

>Water will transmit vibrations better than air. 

But at significantly higher energy cost. That's why everything sounds so muted under water.  Like, at 100 meters, some tnt won't kill you, but if you are under water and it explodes under water, it'll kill you.  At 2000 meters, you can clearly hear it above water, but below water you won't hear a peep.  There's a great mythbusters on it.

Large tanks with thick walls have similar advantages to the actual ocean.   It's harder to put enough energy into the system to cause the same "shock".  If you go to a hardware shop, you can feel how much harder it is to flex the thicker plexiglass... and there's a lot more water to spread the vibrations.
Hard to tell in this picture but if you start noticing any white spots on the fins treat immediately with ick x for best results.
Merperson?
Anachris grows like crazy and can be floated or rooted. Really pretty green when it gets comfy. Its a common plant but love it.
Is anyone able to help me with the sex of my honey gourami? Here's a pic: http://imgur.com/gallery/W7Bbim1
Good to know, just want to make sure that my boy is alright. Eating normally and not displaying any signs of ich, just wanted to make sure it wasn’t in the early stages.
It's not done cycling. You may have bacteria that can process the ammonia but not nitrites. Continue to be patient, and add whatever supplemental BB you can.
Shell dwellers are awesome!  The sand sifters and featherfins are my current poison.
Judging from this pic it looks all natural
nothing real special needed white vinegar is about it
Biofilm. Basically an overabundance of bacteria that your beneficial bacteria will eventually get rid of, and some of your fish or other critters might eat it too.
Sweet thanks.
I keep a 29 on [this](https://www.petco.com/shop/en/petcostore/product/fish/fish-aquariums-kits/aquarium-stands-cabinets/imagitarium-brooklyn-metal-tank-stand-29-gallons) and it's been good for a few years, and added some wood accents so it's not as bare. I also have the same style for a 33, 40B, and 30B with no issues.
well i meant call the hardware stores and glass shops if you can get the acrylic cheap enough and usually it is its easier to work with but the glue is much more expensive glass is more expensive and you will most likely have them cut it unless you got the tools but the glue is cheap so you will have to price it all out and see which route is more your wild
Beautiful biofilm. Your livestock may enjoy it, then it will go away.
Same way for most gourami I believe. Males have a sharper dorsal fin and have somewhat of a slope above their heads. Females tend to be more rounded. I believe anyway. The one in the picture looks female
Why bother using 2x4s if you're going to use sheet goods. 3/4" plywood on edge has amazing strength, and can be assembled in a torsion box style frame for both the base of the cabinet, and the top for the tank to sit on.  It will give you a cleaner interior of the cabinet with more room for filtration/sump/co2/etc etc

You can rip strips to reinforce the mid-point of the back of the cabinet wall, the corners, and the door openings  and that way if you want you can use euro style hinges for a clean inset door look.

by ditching the 2x4s at the sides it will allow you to space the doors on the front equally - or go to 3 doors. that way your final look is more visually equalized.

one of the guys I know makes his painted stands out of malamine for the interior for a clean look, and MDF for the exterior - he sprays the exterior with expoy to seal it, before sanding and then applying lacquer/paint, interior LED strips for the under cabinet.  They look amazing.  I made mine out of shop-scraps leftovers for my 65g. 

Otherwise looks great! post the final result - bet it will look awesome!
But instead of one just get a 300 watt heater  plus the 150
Oh okay that's cool then, that's the only context in which I've used it. I haven't added it directly to the tank except for the very first time I filled it up which was almost a month ago. I've only done one very small water change though about a week ago but the prime was added to the bucket not the tank :)
30 gallons outside you are not eating 30 gallons you are heating 30 gallons up x amount of degrees.   You could probably do it with 500 watts
So did he fall into the next tank because of the Oscar's love for him,lol, by that I mean the kiss between the two??? That's too funny, though I hope the kitty was OK!
Bad link, but with long stringy waste it is most likely parasites.
https://imgur.com/gallery/MG5vApJ
me too, buddy.
[flowerhorn](https://imgur.com/gallery/MG5vApJ)
lol
Your post was automatically removed because it contains emojis in the title which are not allowed according to the **[rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/wiki/rules)**.

Please remove them from your title and feel free to submit your post again.

If you believe your post got wrongfully caught in this filter, please message the moderators.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Aquariums) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You just made me buy one for my future pea puffer, lol.
I wouldn’t, personally.
How big is the tank?
On one end i have a 10" bar airstone and the other end i have a power filter.  Ive tried the heater on each  end and middle, but the tank still seems to vary 4 to 5 degrees from place to place. The heater is the kind with a digital display temp and my thermometer agrees with it. It's also 500 watts, so not worried about it keeping up.
Yeah they def will
Boil it for a few hours. Usually with big pieces of wood, I’ll use one side of my kitchen sink. Fill the side with. Boiling water and let it soak. If it’s something you can get started in the morning then check on it when you’re home from work.
Charcoal only leaves water Smokey if you use cheap stuff. I recommend chemi pure elite.
Thanks for looking out for me Chip!
Prices for fish are around .50¢ depending on the species. Considering it is wholesale I thought they seemed normal. The pictures he sent included a pythosanitary certificate from the ministry of agriculture but I dont know to tell if its real or not
Full tank shot
well its fairly cheap to make a custom especially if you can get the glass cheap try home depot or even window/glass shops you can get a tube of silicone for like 4 dollars and it will be enough for a couple acrylic is cheaper and easier to work with but the adhesive is much more expensive  but go price everything out and see whatpath is cheapest for you
What’s a fts?
Those fish are going to kill one another
It’ll hold.
Can we see a picture of the fish and a fts?
Ok thanks I’ve separated them
Though he is likely real, to-good-to-be-true prices often mean that the fish are kept in below average conditions.
No no no. Dont misunderstand, you use it to condition the water. Use it to wipe the water to a clean slate BEFORE you add it to the aquarium.
Great tank!
That little mangrove snapper is a illegal fish to keep I’m pretty sure. Size limit is 10 inches in Florida. I would be careful
First one was my fault. I put a bow front on an uneven floor and learned the hard way about proper support, my mom bought it as a gift and told me it would be fine lol. The second one was a dollar a gallon tank and idk, it just had water coming out of the brace the day after I got it set up. I was so paranoid, my family was telling me how unlikely it was and bam, it happened. I'm hoping my aqua soil doesn't go bad while I wait to get this one set up, lol. Haven't had any sunny days to properly dry it out.
It seems like you're breaking rule 7. Don't post links to social media or other sites like Craigslist, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc. 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Aquariums) if you have any questions or concerns.*
So pretty
Your post was automatically removed because it contains emojis in the title which are not allowed according to the **[rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/wiki/rules)**.

Please remove them from your title and feel free to submit your post again.

If you believe your post got wrongfully caught in this filter, please message the moderators.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Aquariums) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Small tank that was over grown until the trim I just did. I dont trim my plants very often partly because I like the unkempt look and partly bc I'm terrible at it. Loll
Not really looking for curves. Straight angles, for sure, tho.

Definitely looking to build custom. Just saving up to get the supplies.
How much bigger do cardinals get usually? I've been tossing up between the two for when my tank is ready, it'd be interesting to know :)
Oh that's good to know - I didn't realize it also killed off beneficial bacteria. I won't use it anymore until I'm fully cycled - thank you!
Thank you for that :) I thought you had to always condition the water so that would have been my downfall. I'll stop the filter now and see how it goes, thank you for the advice!
What do you feed them? What's your routine? 

Would love to keep these myself if they aren't really hard to keep.
It is not bamboo but I was thinking of getting some, I might get some glo fish because that’s what this tank is made for, or get some more platties because there kind of lonely. The last tank was smaller so they weren’t really lonely because they were always next to each other, and they are different genders so... And I do know th at they need to school in pairs of six, so maybe four more?! I am sure these are gonna babies soon they are very touchy and lovey.
it should be fine as long as both groups have enough to school like 6+ of both
I'm not super familiar with silver dollars, but I do know my diamond tetras look somewhat similar to silver dollars, and I dont see why diamonds and rummies wouldn't get along.
just 1 or 2 fish? careful with that bamboo i dont think it can be fully submerged at least most cant it will slowly die
small tank? or over grown? if your tanks not overly filled with fish you may getaway with every other week save u bit of trouble obviously use a test kit and make sure
I don't have any personal experience with those fish, but I do know silver dollars get to be about 8 inches.
2x4s will easily hold the weight even 1 2x4 vertically can hold 6k horizontally no but as long as the top is somewhat sturdy your all good most of the weight should go straight down on the weight bearing pillars
Thank you. Got any tips to keep it from coming back? Or at least not as bad? I need to keep the lights off for a few days and see what that does
well i got a hex and its all good got a strong enough filter but if your thinking of making a custom tank it really isnt to hard if your using straight angles curves not so easy to do at home
From the Prime product page-

" **If Prime® is removing ammonia from the system, won’t that starve the beneficial bacteria?**

A: Prime® does not remove ammonia, nitrite, or nitrate from the system. It simply binds with those compounds making them harmless to the inhabitants and still bioavailable to the beneficial bacteria."
Cloudy from messing with the substrate and rocks. Currently cycling, plants are still establishing themselves. Advice on the scape is welcome!
i love live plants look good and natural filtration
Nice!
Just got home from the store- Got myself a thing of Tetra Safestart and dosed my tank with it. The Oto in question seems a little better- still lethargic but the redness is definitely less than before. Ammonia still reading 0ppm thankfully. Fingers crossed!
It is defidently easier with big tanks and fully grown plants I guess.  I have no problem with uprooting plants because they are very deep in the gravel with well established roots.  What can get annoying though is trying to gravel vac certain spots of the tank with driftwood or rock in the way.
Looks like a clown pleco to me
Yoooooo your tank is about to split. Maybe not tomorrow or the day after, but it will break. Your scape is nice but buddy you need to get a better stand. You can build one in literally an hour for under $40 worth of material from Home Depot.  Source: I’ve built a handful.

Also, it looks too big to be a 33g but it could just be the picture. What are are the dimensions? There’s a mathematical formula you can use to get the real size
I’ll take one here in a bit. This is my first venture into it as well. It’s pretty bare right now, just a couple pieces of driftwood and some seedlings and stuff on the sand, but I’m gonna throw some low light plants in there soon
I keep guppies and fry on hand for my turtle. She really only eats them if I forget to feed on time and she gets cranky. 

As far as the adult guppies eating them, just put in some dense plants with places for them to hide. Guppies aren't nearly as savage as other fish. 

I would be more worried about THOSE fry eating the NEXT generation if they dont get all their nutrients.
The tanks had the driftwood in it for almost a month, its been set up for a month with pre-established media aka 2 sponge filters
Damn, two leaker glass tanks? What caused them to leak? Shipping? That's crazy.
Just put some floaty mossy stuff from my old tank onto the wood! What a coincedence
Looks nice! Could use some moss on the wood tho
Go for footprint when you upgrade. Tall tanks are fairly useless.
I know what you mean.  Cherry shrimps will boom and then no more for a while. My guess in my case is the tank is unheated and that may coincide with seasons, I guess I should write it down somewhere to validate.
Yeah, I basically had to nuke the tank so it's just started to cycle, so I know I have a couple of months till I can put any fish in it. 

I could start off with some easy plants now though, couldn't I?
No problem!
2x4s are fine. When framing a house 2 2x4s are used as posts to hold load bearing beams. If you wanted a bit more strength I would use 2x6s for the horizontal portion but 2x4s as legs when they are only a couple feet long are super strong. 6 legs instead of 4 can help a ton as well.
No I get that, I'm just wondering what it likes best as a protein source. Whether it's the fishmeal, or the krill or what. 

I'm thinking it's the fishmeal, though. I can picture a wild pleco feasting on a dead fish for added nutrients. 

Still interesting.
Beautiful design but that overhang makes he heLLa nervous. Seems like it’s working though.
Are those ferns planted into the substrate?  Be sure the rhizome is exposed or they'll die - maybe attach them to some of those rocks instead of planting them.

I've been having a great time with mermaid weed (proserpinaca palustris) - ordered a few little stems a couple months ago and I just keep cutting it down and replanting in other spots or other tanks and I have tons of it now.
Just wait for the $1/gal sale at a local Petco and get the 40gal breeder!  I wish I had gotten that; the 20gal is a tease, haha.
Haha, it's addicting.  I've got a 55gal hexagonal tank that's a work in progress right now, too.  My roommate and I are building a stand for it and attempting to waterlog some dead oak branches in it, as well as testing for leaks(it was free).  But I'll post the pics in a few months, once it's up and running.
wait 2 months for that wood to decay preventing a unexpected amonia spike. 
Java fern on the wood maby
Lol it was my fluval f60 20 gallon too that did it

Wish I had gone for 20 gallon long like you though, looks so much bigger
Since you have crays and are having trouble with plants, maybe add some wood to kind of take up some of that background space. The crayfish will love it too. Maybe some floating plants as well! The crayfish won’t be able to reach them and your guppies will get to enjoy them.
Everyone here is complaining about the tank stand but i’m more worried about how high you filled it up with what looks like a solid glass lid? Make sure your bois are getting enough oxygenation in there!
Diatoms feeds on silicates that are released the the sand. It tends to go away on its own. Pretty much any snail has eaten it in my experience if you want it gone soon.
Perfectly fine to breed them if you get the set up for it. Pretty rewarding too
I also noticed you use seachem prime, which is gonna reset the clock on your cycle by scrubbing out the ammonia and killing off beneficial bacteria.

Add it long before you start your nitrogen cycle, as it will starve out your bacteria cultures by disrupting the food chain.
She’s a beaut my male one is very shy I’m lucky to have such a bold one!
Seed shrimp or copepods.  Both great live food for your fish, also a possible sign of overfeeding or excessive dirt in the substrate.
Neat, looks like a giant fluval edge
A mess of crypts? Also 10g is a bit too small for neons.
Shrimp are sensitive to most chemicals , especially copper. You can buy snail traps though
Yes, it is!  I have a 10gal tall [community tank](http://imgur.com/gallery/WqnkL4H) that's thriving, but it isn't a Walstad.  The other tank is a ~4gal Walstad hexagonal [shrimp tank](http://imgur.com/gallery/gZHyAkY).  Maybe it just has something to do with the size.

This 20gal has been giving me a lot of trouble over the past few months, but I've learned soooo much that it's been worth it.  And, once I get it balanced, it'll definitely be worth it!
Yeah exactly. I’d never do it, such a shame but for me I suppose, not them.
Let it sit until you see algae or diatoms (cloudy green water, essentially) growing, then start the filtration back up. After a while it will settle nice and clean and then you wanna test again, but it should be cycled. 

Using plants to cycle an aquarium relies on rotting vegetation and some plants are treated before sale, killing all or most bacteria. 

Also dont add any conditioner or things that will kill the cultures, or you will have to start over again. 

You basically want to start the cycle with a dirty tank and let it go until it smells earthy.
Do you have a airstone? If not you cam get a air pump and a airpump sponge filter. It will move the water but with it being air you can control the output by either buying a piece to add on or just bending the tube
It could be ich or a minor infection.  You can try a salt dip to treat that fish, or give it a couple days and see if it gets worse or spreads and it might go away on its own.  Keep a close eye on all the fish and if more little white dots start showing up on any of them you'll need to treat the tank for ich.
You face put a sponge on the intake, or you can put some filter floss inside the filter. Either will help catch the smaller bits
That makes sense as always look really happy when see them in store. Can’t wait to own again in the right circumstances
Yeah looks like a fallen batch of mystery snails. Just checking that no one else should have eggs like that.
You can just chuck em in boiling/very hot water and it comes right off.
Okay, thank you so much
Lord don't show this subreddit what a floating swimming pool looks like, the "structural engineers" here will all lose it because they can seem to understand that it's make out of a thicker acrylic to compensate for this and it isn't tempered glass.
Just had a few fish with fin rot - one that was pretty nasty. Two doses of kanaplex fixed it right up!
I don’t actually remember a water change doing anything either lol everything I read said was harmless to fish though, good luck with it all though anyway I’m jealous need a new tank lol
GE #1 Silicone, should be able to find it in hardware stores.
combination of an amonia spike from driftwood?
AHHH that's good to know! I was planing on getting one for my 20 gallon tank in a few months when the tank is more matured!! I look forward to keeping these guys and I'm glad to know they have a lot of personality! Thank you for sharing!!
Do you have broad leaves plants and hiding places?
DAMN what tv channel is that though? crystal clear quality
Yep Northern Ireland :) I’m from there originally but have been Americanized
Look into water wisteria
I’ve got 
4 marble hatchets
5 panda corys
5 ember tetras
1 cobalt goby
2 sparkling gourami
3 Siamese algae eaters 
3 Otos
2 Mysteries (probably the culprit?)
They are supper peaceful if you have less males, I had 5 males 4 females and the boys pestered a female to death got 6 females to replace her and life has been good since! They live with rainbow fish, zebra plecos and vampire shrimp and everyone is very happy
Mine is a drama queen when it comes to food and destroying plants, but when I get closer to the glass, she stops and lets me visually inspect her for sickness or injuries. 13/10 she's still a good girl.
Sounds like a good start!
Don't worry about it until you get ich or fish that requires high temperatures.
Ich looks like bright white grains of salt. This looks like bruising / hemorrhage which could be from fighting/blunt trauma or ammonia poisoning or other causes (bacterial infection, etc). 

You may need to put one of your males in another tank.
Yea it is a second hand tank, where do you find aquarium safe silicon?
Is that a bamboo shrimp or a viper (vampire) shrimp?? Regardless that shrimp is so majestic!! :D
What’s living in your tank?
If there's enough room there's a chance, for awhile. If they breed, the male will prolly try to kill the female if she can't get away
Fungus or bacterial. Rid of it from the tank to reduce spread of disease.
Me gusta
Algae is good except in your eyes
A bit hotter water, And QUALITY diet with lots of verity. 

Those fry would become angle fish food pretty quick
They have special tanks that use water flow to continually move the jellyfish. They just kind of float along with the current. They can have corners, sharp edges and obstacles for them to get stuck on or injure themselves.
Definitely not a worry with such shallow sand.

I believe for real nasty stuff to happen and anaerobic bacteria to live you really need a deep sand bed. Like 5-7 inches.

At least in saltwater dsb
Fair enough, lol.  Thank you for the help!  And it's good to know it won't hurt the fish; the pic I posted is 2 days after a 100% water change.  It gets a LOT cloudier=\

I'm still going to reduce feeding a bit, just in case, and turn up the airstones so there's enough oxygen.  Strange enough, my plant growth has halted a bit, too, after I did a heavy trimming.  I would have thought that, since there's too much nutrients in the water, my floating plants, Pennywort, and Hornwort would have exploded in growth.
He is mistaken.

I'm sure op feeds them gut loaded brine shrimp or something
Are your other tanks smaller out of interest, because only my larger tank had this. Love the tank layout by the way
Neat. Do they ever get tangled?
Not sure I just know there is not a single organ (except for the weakest nervous system on the planet) and they don’t move by themselves
Brocoli probably has a stronger nervous system and yes, brocoli has one
I am closing on a brand new house tomorrow and I finally will have the room for a large aquarium! I'm so excited
Tip ask r/plantedtank They are super nerdy
your tank is gonna go BOOM
I’m in the same situation. Three tanks and only one of them did this about a month and a half in which sort of matches your timescale. Sure people in the know will answer you soon though. It definitely won’t harm the fish though, I’m pretty sure about that. Mine lasted maybe a week to two weeks.
I have had 30 or so fish in there for 6 months. Due to recent life events, it went six weeks without a water change and water parameters were still perfect. I can’t imagine it’s not cycled.
Parasites.. you can also dip food in garlic juice to feed your fishes that you still have for a few days.
I do support my hobby with plants and shrimp but they're funny creatures. One tank will absolutely have a population explosion while another on the same rack getting the same care doesn't throw many babies for a while. Then that one will blow up and others stall for a bit. Naturally whenever anyone wants 100 shrimp of a certain color, that's the tank that is going slow.
Weird could have been.... mine are very peaceful
Go to violet sea in san jose, super healthy fish and corals
Most soft water fish will react positively to a gradual tanin enriched water.
I’m guessing you got your tank second hand. It looks like someone drilled it to stick a small pipe or tubing to make filling up the tank easier. 
You could seal that hole with some aquarium safe silicon. Wait a few days for it to cure and then fill the tank up. If you’re careful, you shouldn’t even have to move your fish or drain any water to do it.
I do but they stressed my other fish out no end, do you think it was an issue of only having males?
As aesthetically pleasing as this may seem, at least to me, this is a horrible long term setup!!!! You’ve been warned!
They don't eat? Like they have to metabolize something...
And I mean handle like, do you use a net? Or??
Do you have a quarantine tank?
What method did you use to cycle?
They have no organs at all so no need to feed
Edit: why are you booing me I’m right although I don’t own any so you might need to feed them but still no organs
[image for reference ](https://i.imgur.com/aVD6xAj.jpg)
What size tank? I’ve got mine in a 10 but I’d really rather have him in my 40.
It WILL trust me. My fish nerd neighbor thinks this could be either columnaris or a fungal infection. since my tetras also have white spots on the sides covering the entire fish in a coat. 

This infection on this tetra is going to eat away the mouth making it rip off. 

The best thing to do is to buy meds for columnaris AND fungal infections. while keeping a close eye to monitor the health. 

This infection will spread through it's host  which would make  a removal of the fish appropriate if meds aren't close by.
Woah, why don’t they need any decorations or anything at all?
I love cherry barbs
That could be it. Just seems a bit abnormal, to me. I've got 2 other tanks and they didn't get a bacterial bloom, but I may have gotten lucky.  I'm still an amateur aquarist, so I figured I'd ask because I don't quite know what's normal yet or how long it should last.  If I just let it do its thing, will it harm the fish/inverts in any way?
Nah need like a 5 minute video of this with some piano music in the background *zzzzzzzzzzzz*
This is so cool!! I've always been interested in keeping some. Do you have one of those special tanks for them? Also what are the maintenance requirements to keep them?
From seachems website:
 "Prime does not remove ammonia, nitrite, or nitrate from the system. It simply binds with those compounds making them harmless to the inhabitants and still bioavailable to the beneficial bacteria."
yeah. pea puffers needs a crazy amount of space to keep agression down.
Are they cherry barbs?
If it’s only two months old are you sure it’s not just the inevitable bloom?
lol I have a new koi female Betta that seems so happy and just like my male. Literally sat here twenty minutes ago thinking maybe they COULD actually be happy together...
Nice job! What do you plan on stocking the tank with?
Not very, they hardest part is cleaning really because you have to move very slow around them. They are current reliant animals, so they don’t actually “swim.” If you create too much of a current near them, you’ll send them on a ride lol
Just reversed the background, see my profile
It’s a blast!! I’ve loved keeping them over the past few years
Yeahhhh it’s hard to get hw done lol
:)
I should put them in my bedroom, but they are in the living room lol
I like that
I've been using prime for a couple years now on over a dozen tanks, luck has nothing to do with it. I am well aware of what prime does and it plays an important role in my maintenance routine
I've been in and out of the hobby for the past 30 years. I find that if a fish gets sick on me and dies on me I tend to take a break after. Or in the case of my pea puffer i couldn't culture live food fast enough for them and they wouldn't take frozen food and I live quite far from a fish store that sells live food; i gave up one winter when snow was bad and rehomed them to someone who could provide them live food.

I've known lots of other fish keepers that comes and goes. Sometimes we just need a break either due to school, work, life circumstances but it doesn't mean you don't like the hobby anymore.
Mine also live quite happily with eels. Once they are in the pond I'm going to add some roach or rudd and possibly a couple of perch.
Any plants that are tall enough to reach the top of the water is good for the gourami - java fern can eventually, maybe vallisnaria as an easy option, cabomba, though it might need more lighting to thrive.  There are very few tetras I would put in such a small tank, maybe embers.  Neons need much more space than they seem - They will just spread around and pick on each other, and never show their good natural behaviour or grow to their potential.   Having plants around in general is enough to keep tetras comfortable - the gourami is the true plant dweller.  I won’t address the gourami in a tank this small since it is arguable- i will just say my choice would be pygmy gouramis to maximize the small amount of space.
I was thinking he was some kind of Panaque, maybe he's just a particularly brown one. He was the last one at the store so I didnt have anything to compare him to.
Aww, little introvert fish! I wish I could have a 55g for him but space is pretty tight. 

If he's a clown he can handle the temperature I want to set my 20g GBR tank to, but he would need hidey holes. It's gbr, rosy minnows, flame tetras and it's pretty hustling night and day.
In the US, hardware stores stock Ace ammonia, which AFAIK is aquarium safe. Idk anything about Ireland unfortunately.

My small fish all get the small tropical formula of bug bites.
Goldfish grow the most in the first year. They can inhibit their own growth, but it isn't healthy. He's gonna be a chonker in a few months if he gets fed properly
Please post an update when you're mopping your floor up and repairing your water damaged walls... scape looks great though.
She's the last of my original 4 female endlers to give birth. They are currently in a 10 gallon, but I'm cycling a 38 right now for them to move into
The flow points towards the front and around the top and doesn't not seem to effect the back side of the tank much. I will watch for this in particular and adjust the flow if needed. Thank you!
Fish explosion inbound. God save you friend
Alright, do you mean just to let it sit and not clean it for quite some time? Cause I haven't really to be honest just used a magnet on the glass haha

Also no, no startup or bacteria. I do have live plants from my LFS which I read can count towards adding bacteria but nothing else :) Thank you
It's an okay school, nothing too big, if I'd get 20 or so more that'd make quite a difference, right now the school seems rather small. But it does look good, and since its cardinal tetras and not neon tetras they get quite big too!
Oh wow I bet that looks amazing when they're all schooling!
Currently have two different types of Java Ferns and some foreground plants. Any suggestions for more plants to add for the best habitat for the dwarf gourami & neon tetras that will call this tank home soon? Thanks in advance. :)
Oddly captivating watching these amazing little creatures move about.
I mean only the ones who eat the same generally other gold fish
Thank you
Thanks
Thanks for the tip! There's just one bubble in the seam and I'm freaking out over it while my family thinks I'm paranoid, lol. I don't think sealer would get in since it's in the center of the seam and I just got it so I could theoretically send it back for another but the headache and cost involved along with the risk of getting one even worse or just as bad has me afraid to do that either. My first two glass ones leaked and it's been weeks now trying to just set up my first tank, lol!
Gorgeous
Thinking about getting a pair of these, what other fish do you keep in your aquarium?
Wow.
Fun fact, the main component in superglue, cyanoacrylate, is completely inert in water, thus making it technically aquarium safe.
Honestly, there are few directly credible sources for fish keeping. Seriouslyfish is one website that is mentioned a lot is credible, but other than that, you will find differing viewpoints about what is considered fact. For example on this subreddit, I know that people will become angry and call you fish abuser if you keep cories on gravel, while others will state that it is fine. There are a whole host of these arguments, like puffers in community tank or minimum sizes for certain fish, that everyone seems to have different experiences with, and differing viewpoints on. The only way to actually discern the truth is to do lots of research. Search this subreddit, google old forums from 2003, read books and websites. Collect as much info is possible, see what viewpoints corroborate the most with as many unrelated sources as possible. The best credible source for fishkeeping is lots of extensive research, not any one particular website.
Whatever you do, don't try to add acrylic sealer while it is full. I've heard a story that someone did this without realizing the seam strength goes to nothing when that enters an open seam.
They're mesmerizing. How difficult are they to keep?
Thank you! I have Indian leaves in there, mostly my Platies pick at them, but I'll leave them in.  I'll try more frequent water changes. Thanks!
It's a 350 liter tank! 120x50x60cm Rio 350 by Juwel.
Thank you, I think I know what I did and expect to change a few things.
Superglue is often recommended for attaching, for example, rhizome plants to rocks/wood. Cyanoacrylate is the ingredient. I recently used the recommended Gorilla Glue Gel in my tank.
I have the same kind, bout inch & 1/2 long. He's very chill, will stay in the same spot for hours at a time. He doesn't seem to like anyone or anything, but in a 55g with only 5 tiger barbs, and a few cori he has all the room in the world. I was told he was a clown pleco.
Will do it with ammonia then just got to find it somewhere, seems no one ships it pure to Ireland online. Would you know what stores stock it, supermarkets?.

Would you go for the fluval bug bites tropical granules or micro granules?, I’m guessing the micro granules. 

Will look into endlers. Thanks.
Yeah that’s my game plan. I’m gonna let everything hang out for a week and see what happens, and then I’ll test everyone. If my GH in the main tank drops and stays fine, then the rocks were the issue. My guy said that once the rocks are properly soaked they may be fine! But I’ll give it a shot and see what happens.
Just FYI, even females can already be pregnant from the shop. They hold sperm for months and months.

It would be better to get a few males if you want to avoid breeding.

Had 3 platies once (1m,2f) and ended up with 40 fry. They don't eat enough of 'em!
I’m having an issue with the female being aggressive towards the male but it’s due to her being in the tank for a lot longer than he has. Everything should straighten out in a few more days.
We were talked into this little guy for our community tank by the local pet store employee on the premise that he's a bumblebee plecostomus that will grow to 4". I tried to look up what he is and found out that's not a real species of fish (aurugh). 

We also found out he's super senstive to being bothered by tank mates. One cory stressed him out so much he stopped eating and even some the guppies were too much for him when they get in his business. He's in my 5g fry tank for protective custody atm which is fine for now since he's under 2" long but I dont know how long this will be viable. 

I'm hoping he can live in the bottom of the 15g column I just picked up for a guppy showcase. Will it be deep enough they wont bother him? With lots of rocks and holes? Or is the surface area too tight? 

But if anyone knows what he is that will help greatly. Thanks, all!
Silicone
What size is this? Looks great!
Concerned Redditors are stupid sometimes
Sounds like you've never had to clean up even a gallon of water. Shit spreads.
That's amazing! I'd probably be watching them too long every day...
The flow points towards the front and around the top and doesn't not seem to effect the back side of the tank much. I will watch for this in particular and adjust the flow if needed. Thank you!
tell me why its detrimental.
yes
looks like a clown pleco not sure what variation tho
I have two tanks that are both heavily planted that are thriving with just sand substrate + root tabs. Generally water column fertilization is more important than substrate fertilization.

Also, your tank stocking is pretty heavy. That's something I would consider doing in a 75L tank. You will definitely only want one dwarf gourami in there, and I would pick one shoaling species and get more of them. I have never kept chilis but my recommended care for pygmy cories would be a shoal of 15 in an 80cm long tank.
Thanks everyone for the fish and the tank ! The tank is 3 months old but I massively reshaped it 2 days ago, and I Can say I'm really proud of it now :)
Its most likely because where getting closer to black Friday/Cyber Monday. I've seen them go down everyday. Seems like a good deal, I plan to get one soon.
Any chance of a full aquarium photo and maybe some starter tips? Just been given a new tank and was looking at having a blackwater as a second project
Dimensions are same as 90P. Price definitely checks out tho. Nice tank!
You can build your own out of 2×4's pretty easily.  Plenty of builds/how-to's on YouTube as well!
Good to know, and I’ll grab a few more when my LFS gets some more!
Red cherry shrimp and Celestial Pearl Danios are fine at room temp without a heater, and shrimp have a negligible bioload. But, I do agree that White Cloud minnows should be kept in a 20g at minimum.
Thank you for the response and your help.
Zucchini is more nutritious than cucumber as far as I know. When do you feed them? Otos are nocturnal, so if you're feeding in the morning or mid day when the lights are on they may not go to it. You should feed them just before or right after you turn the lights out, you can leave blanched veggies in the tank overnight
Na it was on special for 20 bucks at petsmart I got it for my son originally but then gave him my 10 gallon. It’s just a rounded off front and the back is flat but it had a filter installed in it already
The background is two sided, I am going to change it around, which will be a mission as the tank is about 4 cm from the wall
Legit nearly fell asleep watching them move around..
Hope so! Best of luck.
Hi, Questions about substrate:

I'm putting together my first tank on paper, and it's 1 big puzzle. 

I want to have a planted tank. So I planned to buy some soil substrate, but now I read that it isn't good to have pygmy corys in a tank with soil substrate.

Do I need soil substrate for plants to grow in?

If I can't have pygmy corys then could someone recommend a good bottom dweller that would suit a 58 litre planted tank?

My idea for the planted tank is/was this:

10 chilli Rasbora
2 Dwarf Gourami
7 pygmy corys
5 Cherry Shrimp
2 Small snails

thanks a million for any help, suggestions to any area of this.
29 gallons
I got mine from here

[http://tgoeshrimp.com/yellow-king-kong/](http://tgoeshrimp.com/yellow-king-kong/)

They also can be with orange eyes, they are more exotic looking and more $$ 

[http://buypetshrimp.com/orange-eye-yellow-king-kong-5/](http://buypetshrimp.com/orange-eye-yellow-king-kong-5/)

Both breeders have an excellent quality shrimp and very supportive for the shrimp hobby, they have FB pages if you have any questions.
very nice, how many gallons is that?
I just did a 10% water change and cleaned out the sand top layer of my substrate as best I could (sand is a cap for Seachem Fluorite substrate). Did another water test and ammonia is now reading at 0ppm. I’m going to be testing it every hour or so to make sure it stays that way- hopefully my little Oto will pull through.
Yea. I know this. I have a place sorted for him when he grows bigger
Tim is a female, just an FYI. I would definitely get more peacock gudgeons as they are pretty social.
Not offended here. Please do some research next time
That's an awesome piece of wood! Really like the 'scape.

The bala shark is going to eventually outgrow your tank.
Spotted the Dunnes stores bag in the background. Ireland? Or possibly uk?

We call them shopping centers over here. :)
Your post was automatically removed because it contains emojis in the title which are not allowed according to the **[rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/wiki/rules)**.

Please remove them from your title and feel free to submit your post again.

If you believe your post got wrongfully caught in this filter, please message the moderators.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Aquariums) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My brother named him Tim
Upload a photo to imgur, include a link to it in a comment.
I am yet to toy with  salt water.  I'm intimidated.

Also, I'm in love with Bolivian rams and have those for about 12 years .  I just love these guys. Hardy, good looking, tons of personality, showing off to each other all the time and leaving everybody else alone.
The ammonia is why he has fin rot. Follow [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/bettafish/wiki/fishincycle) fish-in cycling guide. You're gonna want to be doing ~50% daily water changes and dosing with extra seachem prime. 

A 10 gallon is too small for platies and it's too small to keep bettas with other fish.
Bristley bois are our friends. Top detritus destroyers. That being said, they’re segmented worms and are a bitch to remove unless you find them entirely out in the open.
Yes, that’s what I was thinking too. I’ve heard of people poking holes in sand during water changes to prevent this. Not an expert on sand but that’s what I’ve heard
I work at a pet store and we are dropping them 20% for the holidays, maybe they are trying to stay competitive?
Going to add in Quick Start to help ammonia
If you don’t have nitrate you probably aren’t cycled. 

OP: you  need your Nitrite to come to 0. So you are doing well getting the ammonia to Nitrite just not quite there are the ite->ate step yet. 

[Almost everything you need to know about fishless cycling ](http://www.aquariumadvice.com/forums/f15/the-almost-complete-guide-and-faq-to-fishless-cycling-148283.html)
I give it 5/5 Dopes
I have sand in one of my tanks and haven’t had this issue, but I know gas bubbles can form under the sand and when it releases it can cause disaster, which might have happened here. Makes me worry it might happen to me and kill the baby guppies
Also, how do I upload the photo to Reddit? Thanks!
Don't use more meds unless you see that he needs them. Keep an eye out for any fun tearing or other signs of illness. It's possible that he is fine, so you don't want to use medicine where it isn't needed.

As of right now, you are doing a fantastic job, just keep on keeping on with what you are doing :)
Right
So my pH and my Ammonia are too high. pH: 7.6 Ammonia: 0.5-1.0 ppm Nitrite: 0 ppm Nitrate: 5.0 ppm

Why is a 10gal too small?  Let's say a betta needs 5gal, then each platy gets 2.5gal. Just curious...
Black sponge filter, hidden.
Add guppies They'll handle the rest.
So my pH and my Ammonia are too high. pH: 7.6 Ammonia: 0.5-1.0 ppm Nitrite: 0 ppm Nitrate: 5.0 ppm
Beautiful angels!
How warm does it get in in the colder months in your area. Do you have to shut it down?
Start doing daily or every other day water changes to keep everything clean while he heals, 10-20%. 

Or, I would at least do 2-3 weekly water changes im the 5 gal since its overstocked. 

Melafix and bettafix can actually kill bettas if overdosed and don’t do much anyway. 

Try Stressguard daily, Indian almond leaves, 78-80° water, and more frequent water changes before trying meds. 

For meds.. Paraguard or kanaplex may work better, paraguard would be easier on him though and your tank. Kanaplex is an antibiotic and you can dose that if he doesn’t show improvement with the other methods, but it can mess with your cycle so you may want to do that in a temporary hospital tank that’s heated and has a bubbler at least
Is that 3.5 one of those new fancy open top model?
Tanganyikans are so easy to get hooked on. I’m afraid to keep tropheus because my shelldweller fetish is already a problem.
So it's a bit of a family  addiction
This is amazing! Great job!
This is my first time seeing blue colored Angel's. Absolutely stunning! Thanks for sharing
Fishing weights work too
Love the scape!
Your post was automatically removed because it contains emojis in the title which are not allowed according to the **[rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/wiki/rules)**.

Please remove them from your title and feel free to submit your post again.

If you believe your post got wrongfully caught in this filter, please message the moderators.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Aquariums) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How come you have to get the cycle going again?

And look for something 5-10watts per gallon btw
No idea on the discounts. I have a spec v and like it a lot because of the design (I have the white one) & hidden filter. I think some people have had issues with the filter dying eventually, but mine is still working, been less than 2 years. That said, it is a small tank so it's pretty limiting in what you can keep. My betta is happy in there alone, but I might have had more fun with a 10 gallon that I could scape more and see her do more too. It's my first tank and it was really approachable and worthwhile for me.
Nice... so you must sell all those extra shrimps all the time. I like shrimp set ups, I always keep a few little  danios with them.
Do you have any source on prime doing that? I’ve never heard of it not allowing bacteria to consume it. Tons of people use it to keep it from killing their fish in a fish in cycle and also keeping the cycle going. 

Sometimes you need prime in an emergency, like this. Biology can’t remove chloramine as fast as prime.. it’s a pretty necessary product for all fish owners.
That I’m not sure of, but since fish never stop producing ammonia you would need a continuous stream of the product added to starve out the bacteria anyway
Rescued from  store that was closing the fish department.  Last Pleco they had.  Deformed bent back.
Yeah the gas builds up and can release really suddenly, theyre called anaerobic gas pockets. If you stir up your sand with a skewer or chop stick every once in a while the gas won't have the chance to build up
Then the product is making false claims as I directly quoted seachem.

Do you think bacteria can metabolise bound ammonia?
Then it is severely unlawfully claiming stuff that isn't true. Best someone contacts the appropriate regulators.

Also if it is bound - bacteria cannot metabolise it, so removed or bound - it messes with the cycle.

Why use chemicals when Biology does it vastly better?
It doesn’t remove ammonia, it temporarily puts it in a harmless form, and fish are continuously producing more.  The theory is flawed.
Oh haha no. Dont worry about that.
Dilute it in a little of your tank water first. Then pour it in
Quick nitro cycle guide.

1. Buy ammonia pure (no perfumes or soaps or surfactants), if that doesn't work - buy a pot of fish food.
2. Buy water testing kit that measures ammonia, nitrite and nitrate.
3. Dose tank with ammonia and try to get between 1-5ppm - as soon as it reaches 1 or lower add a bit more. If ammonia stays high - water change and start again.
4. Wait for nitrites to spike. Keep up adding ammonia to keep 1-5ppm readings.
5. Nitrites should slowly drop to 0 - and nitrates should start increasing.
6. Keep the cycle going artificially until you have fish - once you have fish add them and no longer dose ammonia - the fishes waste will now serve as the ammonia source.

If you cant find ammonia add fish food and it will decay and create ammonia. It will work slower and its difficult to "dose" the tank. Just leave it to rot for 1 week - I would still gravel vac it though as there's ammonia decay and mould/fungus decay. Just add a pinch a day and gravel vac once a week to not seed nasties in the substrate.
It’s gorgeous.  Congratulations!
Hahaha I'm just worried about it getting stained
I have API Master Kit. Also do partial water changes weekly. Have a heater in the tank too. I'll post perameters soon, as I'm currently out of the dorm.
I tried that unfortunately no luck
Prime does not remove ammonia. I realize that’s what it says on descriptions, but it merely binds ammonia into a different form that’s not harmful to fish. You can add a drop of ammonia to a cup, add prime, and check a day later, the ammonia will still be there.
Why would you be worried about the driftwood?

I mean.. its already dead.
I’m not well versed on these kind of fish but if there was an ammonia spike I suspect that yes, it’s probably an ammonia burn. I’ve read that sand substrate needs holes poked into it to prevent what I talked about but then again I’ve never used sand so I don’t really know.
"Prime is the complete and concentrated conditioner for both fresh and salt water. Prime removes chlorine, chloramine and ammonia."

You're lucky.

It removes ammonia - the food source of your bacteria.
Get it real dirty, and let it sit for a while. 

Have you added any beneficial bacteria or startup?
It removes ammonia, aka it removes the food source of your bacteria.

"Prime is the complete and concentrated conditioner for both fresh and salt water. Prime removes chlorine, chloramine and ammonia."
I've got mine set 4-5in from the top in both of my tanks.
I've got around 30 cardinal tetras, 4 angel fish and 15 corydoras julii in there
Ah that’s possible, i have sand substrate. Yeah it’s been reading as cycled for a while now. 

Is it ammonia burn? I think I’ll do a water change of around ~10 since I have shrimp in there and go get some bottled bacteria.
It does seem cycled, is that true? If so, the prime dose is all you should really need to do, stability is nice to dose every water change to “stabilize” your bacteria. I’m not really sure why ammonia would spike. Sometimes food gets trapped in substrate and ammonia builds up as a gas, getting released when you disturb the substrate.
Check online pet biddings and your local exotic reptiles and pet stores, they'll be your best bet. Good luck, and thanks, they love you too
Not true. I dose prime weekly with my water changes. My cycle is healthy
Nice looking tank, was saying the other day in another thread you don't see many fresh water tanks with plain/painted backgrounds 

It really brings out the tank with the blue background!
I'm serious. My daughter has like a kids national geographic bug book that has a bobbit worm in. And she is sort of obsessed with them now.
Ah, that makes sense. It is just a temporary fix until I can get stability. What else should I do?
Close, but it simply binds it to a different type of ammonia not harmful to fish for a small amount of time. Bacteria still consume it. If it didn’t allow bacteria to consume it fish in cycles wouldn’t be possible, I think
Loaches are where it's at
Swimbladder and by sounds of it caught a disease at your lfs or wholesaler they use.
That looks amazing! How many tetras do you have all up?
So prime neutralizes ammonia too, which I didn’t know, but that means that bacteria population won’t grow to where you need it to be because they have no food anymore. So when that ammonia is produced again over time, there won’t be enough bacteria to handle it, giving you the same problem. So prime is only a temporary fix in this case. Someone double check my logic pls...
Airline suction cups would also work, use some fishing line, wrap it around the trunk and attach it to the bottom of the tank. After a while you probably won't need the suction cups anymore
he’s a pretty skittish cat the fish are okay :) he just likes to sniff the fishy water
My test solution always reads a low level of ammonia. I think that is common for the API kits. 

Try testing some tap or bottled water and see what you get. 

I don’t know much on cycling though. My tank had always read 0,0,0.
What do you mean? I added a small dose, not enough for the whole 20gal. You add it to water every time you do a water change, to the new water, so idk what you mean.
Prime detoxifies Ammonia as well
I don’t have any fish yet I’m getting them this weekend
Dosing prime will reset your cycle...
You added prime? Prime is a dechlorinator I thought. Stability might be the better option since that helps bacteria grow that break ammonia down, no?
Yes, and I just checked their website a little bit ago to see if they still have them and they do. 2.5 inch wild caught for ~$25
I’ve never ordered from them, but I picked up some mustard spot plecos at aquashella from them and they’re doing well, so the fish seem well cared for after collection.
Aqueon has an adjustable one on amazon that's 100W for around $15. I use it in most of my tanks and it works great. What size tank is it?
Detritus worm. Not a big deal, they break down food and poop and stuff. Good for the system and provide snacks for fish. If you have too many, you might be feeding too much so cut back.
You could silicon it to some rocks. Maybe some slate at the bottom and could cover the slate with substrate.
Fluval M series heaters. I haven't used one yet but have one to set up for my new tank and they have excellent reviews and a 3 year warranty. Assuming you have a smaller aquarium for a betta something like the Fluval M50 works on tanks up to 50L. It's $24 on amazon.com. I REALLY wouldnt go any cheaper on heaters or you'll have more problems, most cheaper ones are designed to break after a few months so you have to keep buying new ones. Fluval M series has a pretty good rep for lasting several years.
Sounds like good advice.  Thank you!  I’ll give it a go this evening.
Feed your pleco after dark
Your newts are all so beautiful! My dream pets but I haven't seen any for sale yet. Someday!
I’ll give that a try thank you
Put it in the tank and let it float until it doesn't
First thing about fin rot is to find the cause. Its always from water quality. You should really put the betta by itself in at least a 5 gallon. Your current stock is overcrowded for a 5gal. and be doing partial water changes every week. 

First step is to make sure your betta tank is at 78 to 82 degrees F. You wont need meds if you do partial water changes with dechlorinated water and keep the tank around 80F.  Then, keep maintaining water quality with water changes and it shouldn't come back. I'm currently battling slight fin rot because of a cycle crash.

 Using medicine can stress the fish out and when the problem is water quality, it's very unnecessary to use it. Melafix and bettafix are bad for bettas because it contains tea tree oil, that is harmful to their labrynth lung. 

Look into buying a liquid test kit from amazon to keep up with ammonia levels and such. Also read about cycling a tank. If you follow that general advice, your fish will be back to normal and happy!
Not at all!  I highly recommend it.  It’s been great.
Unfortunately I don’t
Thank you that’s very kind. Is Pleco Paradise an online store.
Did the biohome ultimate color your water? Been thinking of getting some but it’s pricey.
Thanks for the advice, I didn't know air pockets can cause problems
Could be, just did a test and I am having a small ammonia spike at 0.25ppm. I dosed the tank with  prime to help. It looks like he’s bleeding.
They don’t have to be planted. I have bare shrimp tanks and planted shrimp tanks. Both do fine. I keep mine more on the bare side to keep catching them Easy. Java ferns, moss and Anubias are easy plants to start with and get your feet wet at aquatic plants.
Thank you :)
To the right of the wood and down low in the photo there appears be room to wedge a rock in there. Try that and leave until soaks and doesn't need it anymore.
Parameters are 0.25, 0, and 5ppm. pH is 7 and Temp has been between 77.9 and 78.6 °F. Tank inhabitants are six otos, three Amano, two RCS, and two Nerite snails. Not sure why I’m having an ammonia spike, but I added some Prime to help with it in the mean time. It looks like he’s bleeding, all the color in his gills is gone.

Edit: Forgot to add pH reading
I've got one of these guys, beautiful fish. Named it Calypso
Drill it then insert fishing weights. Alternatively, use fishing weights, but only tie them to the wood.
Not a mosquito larvae...
My barbs eat everything too!! They literally ripped out all of my dwarf hair grass. Decided my tiger lotus tastes good.lol
That’s a good idea!
What are all of the exact water parameters? Can you post a picture of the fish too?

The platies need to be rehomed as a 5 (or a 10) gallon tank is wayyy too small for them + the betta. Melafix (bettafix is just diluted melafix) was also found to have [no antibacterial properties](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1557506315000269) so it's useless.
They dont fight?
Ammonia burn?
I'll DM you my contact information. If there is no rush on your end, I'll actually be Indianapolis for work in early January so maybe we can meet up then when they have beefed up a little more. I'm looking for a few for a display tank but wouldn't mind a breeding project for my budding fish room. They're gorgeous fish and I haven't seen them around here at all!
Got more than 1 bathtub in the house?
That's beautiful. Great job!
Yeah not planning on underwater. Looking to drape them outside. It's a paludarium so it will have emerging plants along with submerged.
maybe you bought really old individuals or wild caught ones with parasites. may not your fault at all.
With all the chemicals in the tank, that would be something I would discourage.
I've got Corys in my main community tank, but been advised to keep them away from treatment tank because the medicine I have can mess them up :(
Jesus Christ some of y’all here whine ON THE STUPIDEST SHIT nonstop like some hoes. 

ITS A FUCKING 33 GALLON. I’d be concerned if it’s a 50 or a 100. But like fuck, some of you act like it’s the end of the fucking world when it’s not even your fucking room, nor your tank. 

I honestly feel bad for OP having to defend herself /himself from such a ridiculous amount of comments for a tank that was approved and sold by vendors. Notice how people start complaining about structural integrity but when shown otherwise they start bitching about external factors like such as children, like dude, you can’t get these people to fuck off , they’ll find anything to bitch about cause it’s a new concept or it goes against theirs. 

unless you have this very tank and have it broken before, take it up with the vendor. Like holy shit fuck do you want OP to do? Start a coalition and boycott the vendor that sold this? Lol



It’s a beautiful tank OP, I’d get one but that price is too much lol. Your tank also looks fantastic and it’ll keep looking fantastic for YEARS to come.
That tank needs a tight lid. Is Mochi scared of anything inanimate and small? Put whatever that is on top so Mochi doesn’t get too close.
>	Set drop checker up on opposite side of diffuser. 

Where should I position it? I’ve seen some recommend up high and others put it down low. I was planning on putting in a spot with high flow to help the solution change colors faster. 

>	I like to set my timer to shut my co2 off an hour before lights go off.

Good to know, I figured an hour seemed excessive. 

Thanks!
This is so wholesome. Makes me happy :)
Wow, that's awful. It does sound like that's what the problem is. Good thing you decided to check the GH. I'm glad you figured it out. About the rocks, maybe keep testing the GH and KH while you're soaking them in that separate tank to see if they affect that water as well. If that water is affected, then you know you can't use the rocks at all. Just a thought I had. I hope everything works out and you don't lose anymore fish!
I had to start dropping my Pleco his goodies after the lights have been off for a couple of hours because my Oscar prefers algae wafers over it’s own food...
It looks nice!!
Looks like it could be the new sad cat meme.
Wow that sounds amazing! i will definitely look into that. thank you so much:)
I’m currently in the process of figuring out where i can fit a 55 gallon in this room, but that’ll take a lot of moving furniture around. I’m considering taking the two gourami to the pet store, they take up a lot of space in the 10 gal and seem to harass my snails a lot
My go to for all filtering needs is the MarineLand water polisher. I often sound like a broken record because I love it SO MUCH. I've bought three of them over the years. I'll keep it in a tank long term, or just a couple days once a month to keep the water literally crystal clear. 

I've used huge under-the-stand canisters, over the tank waterfall type filters, or a 2 liter soda bottle stuffed with media using gravity filtration, and even pressurized sand filters. And I love the MarineLand water polisher because the set up is: place in tank, aim nozzle, turn on. Wait a couple days, rinse out the filter in some bleach water, put the unit away.

No stupid 4 stage canister that floods my house, no waterfall that the sucker fish climb up attempting to reach Valhalla, no charcoal that makes the water smokey no matter how many times I pre-rinse it.  The water polisher just works, almost instantly, and it is reusable for YEARS, by washing the the filter. It catches up all my floating micro algae and I can remove them and their excess nitrogen by rinsing the off the filter before they break down.
Why does this look so much bigger than my 30g. I need a rimless tank
Sounds about right, they're just doing their job. Corydoras will demolish those things, if you're looking to get rid of them naturally.
Ahhhhh sorry I misunderstood, that's a nice name!
My bad. I thought u had asked for names. That would be the 1st one ild go with
Wow! i will look into it
Adrock, mca and mike d
?
More weirder, I'm not even in/from the US :D
I’d definitely be open to selling a few, the biggest ones are about the diameter of a quarter right now, so if you want them at this size we can set something up, but it’s hard to tell at this age how well they’ll color up as they won’t have any red until they’re about double their current size, so if you want to really be able to pick some nicely colored ones, you can dm me your number and I’ll text you once they’re more mature, or you can get some now. I don’t have any plans to sell them off or anything at the moment, so you wouldn’t have to worry about them disappearing. Or you could pick out a few and hope they get some good colors. Once they’re all mature, I only like to keep about 8 of the nicer ones for myself as there aren’t many nice rotkeil lines available, so I’ll breed a few generations of them to try to get some consistently bright blues and reds. Another thing to consider is that I know how to sex them accurately once they’re nearly mature, so I can help you pick out a good set if you’d like to breed your own. Sorry if this is rambling, but in short, yeah I could sell you some now or if you want some nicer ones I can hold onto them until they start showing colors.
Both.
Opal
Cheers, fingers crossed!
Lol.  This was after I fed the barbs too!  I always drop two pellets after a good fed but they are always ravenous!
If I am following the thread correctly, there are crayfish in the tank, so plants would be toast.

However, crayfish are poor swimmers and this is a nice tall tank!

Try a "potted" plant! You can get a glass cylinder from like, Home Goods or Hobby Lobby stores  that is the right height to be visually pleasing. You can fill it with soil for a rooting plant, or layers of colored gravel and interesting objects for something without true roots, like java fern.

If the crayfish can't climb onto the lip of the vase, then you have a crayfish-safe underwater island, and the you can have a lovely raised planted area for fish that otherwise live in fear of your crayfish's random fin nipping.

If you want to be creative, you can use a wide, deep cylinder or cube and make a planted refugia in the middle of the tank that fish can swim into from above, but the crayfish can't navigate - which would be stunning to have a desert/rainforest sort of contrast between the tan stone and ruins and a lush, green area.
Oooooo that should do er! Hopefully it all works out!
So update. They both died like an hour later. None of my other fish died though thankfully. So thank you
Thank you kind stranger.
Man, I starting dropping pellets in for my bottom feeders...... My tiger Barb's are eating it up instantly! Even in the small tank the platys and mollies are eating it up like crazy too!
Oh yes! I ppant to do mostly different crypts, moss and floating plants.
Beautiful tank, but take it as somebody who learned the hard way with a vicarious not nearly as heavy as an aquarium, get more support under that tank lol
Will do... I’ve never used them but I’ll make sure too I plan on getting some Yoma danio’s to fill out the rest of my tank so I’ll get some when I go back and get the danios
That's what I told my SO too! Planning on stocking Honey gourami, Ember tetras, Celestial Pearl Danios, Otos and shrimp. Maybe the tetras or CPD will take care of them :)
Mind if I ask why you use feeders?
Looks great. Don't forget the root tabs for your Swords!
Fortunately he’s a gigantic hog, so he’ll eat almost anything I put in there. I’ve been feeding him Omega One Super Carnivore frozen diet, Hikari Sinking Carnivore pellets, and then live fish and ghost shrimp.
Thank you! I realize now I didn't do enough research. Hopefully it's not too late to save the fish in there now. I had initially used ammo lock twice and forgot about it, I'll start the 'every other day' per the instructions again
I've had at least one aquarium running since the early 80's. My passion for the hobby has ebbed and flowed over those years, but I never burned out to the level that I wanted out. Was a hobby breeder for many years, got into marine and reefs, opened an LFS for a few years. These days I mostly keep freshwater planted tanks with shrimp. Have 11 of those currently. Very low maintenance and much more my speed as I enter into my 50's.
They are beautiful, especially in person. Such a bright blue with a nice black contrast.
I assume the picture is a bit crooked. However, what's bothering me your tank stand looks somewhat level, but your tank is significantly leaning to the right. Now you've got me thinking that my 30g is too small, looks clean though, nice job!
thanks!
Sounds good to me! I hope you enjoy your pleco when you get it <3
Im not sure sorry ill tell you when i know
Cute! Baby plecos are really adorable, might I ask what kind of plecos?
alright thanks! i was thinking of getting tall fake plants and for the fish one of my friend is breeding plecos and ill trade one of my baby molly for one of his baby pleco
Wow dude. What do you feed that thing then?
Weird. there seemes to be a common problem in the US
That means when you choose fish, no plant dwellers.
I’ll check them out! Definitely more interested in it now that I’m seeing the comfort and health effects personally rising
Oof. Other than real plants, it kinda looks blank near the top, so maybe try to find a few tall decorations? 

And fish wise, I wouldn’t know what to suggest since I can’t tell what’s in the tank but I do know cory catfish and plecos get along well with most fish. I wouldn’t suggest getting a standard pleco if your tank is small tho. Smaller pleco breeds are Bristlenose plecos, rubber lip plecos, most zebra plecos, and clown plecos.  Though some plecos require driftwood to survive. I personally love my lemon Bristlenose pleco, he is very energetic and entertaining to watch.
One of the most amazing anglefish i have ever seen!  I use to have a pair of opal colored ones from brazil but i had to give them up for school, they look so close it gave me old memories !
Attach a large canister filter to filter 2,500 gallons every one hour and it be a good setup, goldfish are mad messy and you need that extra biological filtration
Hey worst case scenario if you stock it with Any carnivorous fish they will more than likely munch on those protein sticks. Not a huge issue
Please re-post to /r/Awwquariums
Your submission has been removed for breaking the following rule:

> **5. No memes, un-sourced content, non-aquarium focused images, or other low effort content.** This includes memes, image macros, (rage) comics, demotivational images, shitposts, and other low effort posts. Please redirect them to /r/AquariumMemes. If a submission is not OC, a source must be included unless you are asking for identification, in which case you can link to the image in a self-post. This rule also applies to images or posts where animals that are not related to the aquarium are visible in the shot (i.e. cat looking at aquarium). We will remove all images that have non-tank related animals in the shot. This also includes humans. Please use r/Awwquariums for these posts.




If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAquariums&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/comments/dt28iz/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
Extremely aggressive, but not nearly as huge as it’s big cousin. These guys are from South America as well, but only get about 6-7 inches long
Yep not to mention they need totally different temperatures, just go return him to your lfs and they'll be happy to take him back. If you want goldfish especially comets you need to have a pond
Removed for rule 5. If this is not your system, it MUST have a source.
Your submission has been removed for breaking the following rule:

> **5. No memes, un-sourced content, non-aquarium focused images, or other low effort content.** This includes memes, image macros, (rage) comics, demotivational images, shitposts, and other low effort posts. Please redirect them to /r/AquariumMemes. If a submission is not OC, a source must be included unless you are asking for identification, in which case you can link to the image in a self-post. This rule also applies to images or posts where animals that are not related to the aquarium are visible in the shot (i.e. cat looking at aquarium). We will remove all images that have non-tank related animals in the shot. This also includes humans. Please use r/Awwquariums for these posts.




If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAquariums&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/comments/dt12ic/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
Hmmmm this is a good question. For me the answer is just simple hardy fish. Likely a school of tetras and maybe a gourami or two.
Yeah the boys look really sick
Thanks Reddit detective!
Awesome, thank you so much! Hoping for a boy. :-)
The combo of price, low iron, and unique dimension (36x18x18in). Just hid the LANDEN logo in the back.
I have real plants but i have two crayfishes in my tank and there going to cut the plants. I moved those plants into another tank.
Dragon stone does so much for a tank! Looks great
I love hammers. Hammers and torches are my favorite corals, well that and candy canes.... screw it i like all corals
Removed for re-post.
Vey cool, I'm exited over the whole seing him growing up thing. Thank you again!
So how quickly will he outgrow my 29g?
Your submission has been removed for breaking the following rule:

> **5. No memes, un-sourced content, non-aquarium focused images, or other low effort content.** This includes memes, image macros, (rage) comics, demotivational images, shitposts, and other low effort posts. Please redirect them to /r/AquariumMemes. If a submission is not OC, a source must be included unless you are asking for identification, in which case you can link to the image in a self-post. This rule also applies to images or posts where animals that are not related to the aquarium are visible in the shot (i.e. cat looking at aquarium). We will remove all images that have non-tank related animals in the shot. This also includes humans. Please use r/Awwquariums for these posts.




If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAquariums&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/comments/dt1ppa/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
I just got a new 50 gallon and I have two electric yellows in it
Watch out for air pockets under the sand, could cause some nasty stuff. Beautiful scape though
Same, my sterbai corydoras are much more active and tetras show better colour (or it looks better on dark water)

Your fish looks beautiful, haven't seen one before. Btw, you may also like r/BlackwaterAquarium
Yep
Nope it's a repost
I’d say add some real plants in there. It’s such a large looking tank it has a lot of space to do so much with plants.
I would look into some column feeders if I was you, those guppies would like some natural cover for sure.
Thank you for referencing the real owner of the tank. His tanks are amazing!
Yep, sounds like a cool tank. Are you planting?
Cichlids fight by mouth to mouth, thats what it might be, sometimes they get aggressive with food, they are a cool looking apistos tho!
Yeah that's kinda what I thought too, was just a long shot to see if anyone here had one. Oh well.
Common goldfish, just a bronze color variant
Is this wolf fish species docile or is it an awful murder thing like the giant wolf fish from South America?
No longear, pumpkinseed, or warmouths, but you could keep a few dollar or orange spot sunfish. They stay closer to 6 inches.
That is lovely.
No, what I mean by this is flushing the membrane , this is an optional ability on some units that allows you to bypass intake into the membrane to temporarily flush it, as seen in the image [here](http://www.purewateroccasional.net/hwautoflush.html).
Same caption and all
I know this is a temporary home but dont keep them in there too long. Small tropheus colonies really need a 75G or larger.
Standard albino bristlenose maybe a couple months old, when he's bigger you'll be able to tell gender. Boys get huge long tentacle like bristles coming from their snouts, the girls get a tiny little bristly moustache
Sorry, didn't mean to offend.
Forgot my manners - thanks for the help!
I keep mine as pets. They turn into a beautiful gold orange colour after being outside for the summer. They're just so peaceful no fighting whatsoever eventhough some of them are much smaller and they don't breed or they did but got eaten but so far I've seen no fry.  I didn't want a tank to manage. It was a nightmare when I had livebearers. I wish more people would keep them as pets. In a tank with some caves and plants, they are full of personality.
Live cat TV. Very lucky kitty.
Rosy reds are cool fish in their own right, even if they aren't as flashy and colourful as most of the fish people keep. Breeding is particularly neat: the males get weird little knobbly growths on their heads (hence "fathead" minnows), and they'll stake out and defend a breeding cave, not unlike cichlids!
That stand scares me
The tank itself has only recently been re-started. I had moved all my fish to a larger tank and set this back up from empty to treat my unwell gourami.
I have been reusing an older filter substrate, and no carbon as per the swim bladder treatment so I guess the worms could have come from my bacteria sponge?
Set drop checker up on opposite side of diffuser. Should only take you a few minutes to set up the tank and what not. I like to set my timer to shut my co2 off an hour before lights go off.

I know a lot of ppl set there co2 to turn on an hour before lights come on as well to saturate the water but I set mine only 20min before.
My treatment has malachite green in it. Will that stain my wood?
Oh sorry in your other comment you said that too, honestly you're a little overstocked, are you open to upgrading?
cool thanks!
Definetly not a longfin. If it's that small, it's probably quite young.  You get to watch it grow, which is always fun.
This is a repost. 

OP is u/invalidTypecast

https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/comments/6r0vlv/ive_found_the_clog/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Female. She has blue flecks inside the big black spot on her side. Males have no blue in their spot.
Alright, that helps! My friend had said he thought (he got them from some relative) they were Longfin Albinos, that's why I posted.

Any idea of how old he might be? For reference, he's as long as my adult common guppies, so 3 cm. 

Anyway, thank you for your help!
huh?
Sorry..  fish will eat the hydra.  I heard read that mollies will
I'm not that crafty lol. I can crochet but thats about it. Ya I just have those few fish and I'll be getting shrimp in tomorrow so I think it will contain the mess nicely. I'm happy with the set up so far. I have heard if you have very inquisitve fish they can swim up the tube and get stuck but mine are to thin to get stuck in the tube. 
 https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0784QCKR1?psc=1&ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_asin_title

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0716S4VY4/ref=sspa_mw_detail_2?ie=UTF8&psc=1
OMG I didn't even know!! Thank you so much for bringing this to my attention! Will check him out!! ;D
I already have a bunch of ghost shrimp and a fiddler crab in there, lid is kept on tight lol
How much do these shrimp cost?
Looks like a standard albino bristlenose.
Oh awesome! I will check that out.
This is not OP's tank. [Here's a link to the original.](https://youtu.be/mM7OLpyF9Ho) He actually already finished this tank and it's one of his older ones, still my favorite. I really like this YouTuber and have no affiliation with him, just want to make sure credit is given to where it's deserved.
did you diy that food tube? or do you have a link to where to find it?  pretty cool thing...I didnt know those existed
When I was 13, I got my first "big" tank. It was a 15 gallon with a stand and decorations and I got it for my betta because he would be happier! I paid all my own money, got him some ghost shrimp, kuhli loaches, and real plants. 

Around 15, I started high school. I was travelling a lot, and had to get rid of all my pets, including my fish. 5 guinea pigs, 3 hermit crabs (in a 20 gallon aquarium), and at that point, 3 fish tanks. I had a community and 2 betta tanks. I found them all good homes, and promised I would be back to the hobby when I had the money, time, and enthusiasm.

Here I am, 4 years later, freshman in college with 2 fish tanks in my dorm and 2 at my boyfriend's house. You're growing up, and hobbies come and go, but if you care about it, maybe keep a tank empty and promise to revisit it some day, or downsize. Sometimes we jump into things too fast, and thats okay!
This is not OP's tank. [Here's a link to the original.](https://youtu.be/mM7OLpyF9Ho) he actually already finished this tank and it's one of his older ones, still my favorite. He has a video of him setting up this tank with smooth music over it and it's so relaxing. Highly recommend this YouTube account.
Absolutely my guy good luck!
Thanks. I'll be ok,. On the mend. And yes....my partner has the fishies under control. Well she led me to believe that. Lol
Negative Nancy time; if you've had that much trouble getting them to live/berry, the babies probably wont survive.
Mine died idk how, the chemistry was all good
Eat the fish or eat the hydra?
This is not OP's tank [Here's a link to the actual owner.](https://youtu.be/mM7OLpyF9Ho) and I believe it's a 15g dennerle shrimp tank. He ended up stocking it with shrimps and recently added some scarlet badis. 

It's a gorgeous tank but OP should not be taking credit for someone else's work.
It's not just about waiting; ammonia needs to be added to the tank to grow the right bacteria in your filter. Please see the links which will explain cycling!
 Nitrates are at 20ppm, just did a 30% WC to bring it closer to 15ppm. I have been feeding this tank every other day but only received this fish two days ago in which I did not see him eat yesterday (last feeding). The tank I’d like to say is clean, I did have a bit of a diatom algae problem but as far as mulm or detritus its been kept very minimal. 
Would epsom salt baths help?
Wow that orange guys a beast, make sure u have a tight lid on i had a grey one just like your little guy and he disappeared one day. I thought initially my knife fish had eaten him even tho his size made it highly improbable. A few months later i sadly found a dried out mummified loach underneath my airpump behind the tank. it bummed me out he was almost 2 yrs old. Im surprised how he didnt get moldy or smelly and was perfectly preserved. I should have given him the ancient Egyptian burial and made a tiny adorned sarcophagus and burial chamber instead of just leaving him in the garden lol
I just bought this lovely electric blue GBR two days ago from a LFS. Yesterday it seemed fine, didn’t really eat but figured it was still stressed from the move but no noticed swimming problems. Today I come home and find it laying on its side gasping for air. My initial thought was dropsy but am rather reluctant because its stomach, while distended, is not really drastic. Also, I don’t notice any scales sticking out from which my understanding is a hallmark symptom of dropsy. I called my LFS and they were kinda like welp, you’re shit of luck no refunds. I really want to save this little ram. I have a 5 gallon hospital tank with a cycled sponge filter ready to go. 
Currently in a 3 month old 55g tank at 82 degrees 0 ammonia, 0 nitrites, and 20ppm nitrates. Everything else in the tank is healthy and has been there for quite some time now. 
Can anyone confirm this is dropsy? I want confirmatory diagnosis before I treat.
Swim bladder disorder. Could be a dozen different things causing it, ranging from internal parasites to bacterial infection or just constipation. 

What are your nitrates at? 

Have you been feeding too much?

How clean is the tank?
No not at all. I have neon tetras, black neon tetras and a dwarf gourami. They harass each other but I wouldn’t call it aggressive. They pretty much ignore the other species.
I've looked around for other tanks with no luck but haven't asked my LFS if they could order me one. I find their prices unusually high though and id rather not pay more for the trim than I did for the tank ($35). Might have to though.
Yup exact one, Just a 20L. I have it centered on it.
Don’t know what it is but seems like a nice surprise
Okay, that’s good to know! Are your males ever aggressive with different species of fish in a community tank? That’s what I’m most worried about.
Oh this exact one? Just a 20 long by itself?
I’ve had a 20 long on and off this same piece over 4 years and 3 moves. It’s definitely gotten Wobblier over the years. When I move again, I’ll probably just build a stand for my 20L and retire this unit to just shelving.
I've also looked for braces with no luck. Originally wanted it to be rimless. Tried siliconing a clear polycarbonate sheet to the center top and will be testing the aquarium to see if it holds for a while but if that doesnt work ill go back to the trim or some other form of brace. I'm open to bracing suggestions as well.
No I wouldn’t buy seeds , there are quite a few you can try but I like fluval stratum volcanic soil as it has a lot of nurturers. I buy plants off of eBay they’re usually quite cheap there although there are other websites but I don’t know any to buy plants from. Hygrophila polysperma is very cheap off eBay and grows well , like others have said java fern and Anubias are basically invincible just don’t cover the ribosome

Edit : I have Hygrophila polysperma and amazon swords and my shrimp love to graze the algae off them
So, are these babies that you bred?
Thank you for the advice!! I'll definitely start doing that
Looks like a fish to me.
Bought a school of Buenos Aires tetras and a few snails and this little guy snuck into the bag... I know it's some type of goldfish, it's an odd color though
Thanks! I will definitely be heeding a lot of this advice.

This specific fish store actually has many great reviews and has been pretty friendly, helpful, and fair with their returns/exchanges/etc., I have no problem with the people operating it or their service. Our first experience there was good, it was our second most recent that was a debacle where all 3 groups of fish from separate tanks all ended up dying of something. I do not imagine we will go back there as we found another store we like, but I also don't want to make grand assumptions about the place since I've only had the 2 experiences there, even if they were bad for us.
Looks like your run of the mill detritus worm. I wouldn't worry about them. 

If they're really bothering you, use a deworming medication or break the tank down and clean it.
Ah geez. I wish I would have read more. I didn't see that anywhere. Thanks
Whatever. Looks great, love the aquascape and it’s your business how you set it up. If it cracks or not, it’s yours. You can put it sideways if you want.
Maintain membrane ? Do you mean take it out to rinse it ?
So do you buy like seeds for the java moss or does it grow naturally in the tank. And what kinda substrate would I need
I don't believe so. She does water changes regularly and tests the water for any issues.
Oh, well that there might be the problem.
This right here. This is why you need to at least do the minimal amount of research before jumping into this hobby.
Yeah mine was about that my lfs  aren't very eager to do that I went the other way and upgraded to a 250l tank now my boy/girl has all the room :) but I like how sensible you are wish there was more like you :)
i only have what it came with which is the filter pad, bio holster , and sponge. i had the initial thought i was my air stone just kicking stuff around but i'm not sure. and yes i do clean it in discarded tank water during a water change
It doesn't need anything special, just a tank light and weekly ferts if you want. You can tie/glue it to decor like driftwood.
If you have fish, some will eat them.
Java moss is a nice plant to try with driftwood , I recommend you look at hygrophilia polysmera (may have spelt that slightly wrong).Its great for a beginner and grows very fast.Hornwort and guppy grass are two good plants that don’t need to be planted and grow very fast
Is you ammonia high?
I knew this seemed familiar!
Yeah I will keep that in mind! Thx for the feedback.
"Dave! I swear to god, that better be your fin!"

Edit: Do eels have fins?
What kind of mechanical material do you have in there? Do you clean it regularly?

I put a pre filter sponge on mine and added some floss material inside. It helped with extra debris floating around.
If it doesn't say so in your hardware's instructions it can't do it, you'll need to get a light that can
The links you've been given are good. Your tank does not have an established nitrogen cycle so your fish are dying of ammonia poisoning. You need to have the tank set up with the filter running and everything for about a month before the nitrogen cycle is established enough to sustain fish.
Yup. That's my experience and well. It's one of those project that you think is going to be dreadful but is actually quite simple.
Testing the pH would be interesting
I would love that of you have the time. I'm raising 4 young Severum right now and hope they one day spawn. There is surprisingly little detailed info out there on the subject
Ah good to know! It seems grass is always greener on the other side. Apparently people in the US prefer European brands because they are more accurate.
Roll of noodles
109.777
109.777
But when they get too big, i bring them back to the LFS, i don't want any of my fish to suffer because of me.
Did you ask for advice at the store?
Noodles
Can you give me more information about the java Moss I might do that
What's that 100lish?
It looks like it's under the skin and also on the service. Looks very bizarre. As if there was a hole and someone filled it lol
29g
Mine used to do that. I think they’ve realized I’ll feed them extra if they come out.
Pigment from a recessive gene?
Is it missing some scales and skin??
My plecos flee in terror when I get close to the tank... pulling up plants and moving decor as they do. I sneak past my tank now
Wait about 1 month before adding fish
Ammonia spikes are not an issue since the tank has no livestock, is overfiltered and is cycling. Also it doesn't seem like there's a lot of them anymore - I think I caught it early. 

It's a home office and our living room. Also my only tank. I intend to keep it tidy.
what light fixture do you use?
Well, I have to admit I was on team  “That looks sketchy” but after seeing the actual spec sheet from the manufacturer, and your 4 years of no drama. I have to tip my cap and say cool tank!
He’s seen some shit 

https://imgur.com/a/kwUhJwa/
What's your ph? 

You have a really small window putting tetras in there with the guppies. They need about a 6, whereas the guppies need closer to 8
It'll depend a bit on your room temp. For example, my room temp stays pretty warm all year round (tanks stay at 74-76 for the most part) so it actually wouldn't be that great for a coldwater fish.
We have a 500 gallon kiddy pool that the kids outgrew. We have been tossing around the idea of putting it in the basement for the fish lol
I vote no. Better safe than sorry.
Yeah... both already have water
I've posted the best picture jve been able to get above
Please look into cycling your tank: [https://fishlab.com/how-to-cycle-aquarium/](https://fishlab.com/how-to-cycle-aquarium/)

If you still have the tetras, then also read this: [https://fishlab.com/fish-in-cycle/](https://fishlab.com/fish-in-cycle/)

Finally, [aqadvisor.com](https://aqadvisor.com) can provide guidelines as to what fish are suitable for your tank!
Sounds like a nematode, but without a picture it will be hard to tell you whether its harmless or harmful.
Definitely cycle the tank with pure ammonia rather than fish food. Fish food is messy, imprecise, and potentially very smelly. There are no benefits to using it over pure ammonia. 

Guppies really are not fussy when it comes to food. Omega one, fluval bug bites, and new life spectrum are good brands. Mine ate everything I offered them, including blanched veggies. 

Once you have filled the tank with dechlorinated water, you can immediately dose ammonia. You need to have the filter running (because the bacteria mainly colonize the filter media) and a heater set to ~82F is best during the cycling process as it will speed up the growth of your bacteria. You want to couple that with plenty of surface agitation.

Additionally, I would personally go for endlers over guppies in a 10 gallon. Endlers are basically smaller guppies, so they're better for a small tank. I would do a group of males unless you have plans to deal with fry.
Cycled? I'm sorry can you explain? Maybe theres more to this than I originally thought.
https://imgur.com/a/B7Lp7fF

A photo of one of the worms under 8x magnification
Con: harder water changes
Most likely a female. The pink on belly is a giveaway
We had 8 of them neons at one point, and 3 glows.
Morays! My absolute favourite fish. Some day I’ll find a way to bring them into my house instead of having to go diving to see them.
Just in case anyone needs to know this: API test kit is available on Amazon.co.uk, and ships to continental Europe too. Is much more expensive than in US thought :'(
Fenbendazole or Praziquantel will work, but the dead worms will cause an ammonia spike. 

Theres also the chance that they will just return in a few months, especially if its in an office where she can't do necessary maintenance.
How big your tank my syno rapidly became a bloodwrm destroying monster! He got biiiiig
Water parameters? Is the tank cycled?
Ah thank you, I was wondering about the age too :)
Also, tetras need a school
Goldfish are coldwaterz tank to small, no cycle.
What tank size are they in? 6 is honestly a really small group for any shoaler, and keeping shoalers in small groups and in small tanks can make them unusually aggressive.
I can draw/make one for you if you’re serious...
If you can add more, bullying will be less likely to happen. Good luck!
In the process of cycling an aquarium. I can add ammonia to the tank and the next day the tests read it at zero. So part one is done. However it seems I am stuck with nitrites and it doesn't seem to be converting into nitrates. Been like this for about 1.5 weeks. Should I do anything different or just wait it out?

Thanks.
You should be!
The one in the middle looks scared for his life...
I don't mind them at all, but my SO has her office desk right next to the tank and gags at the thought of worms. Is there something that can be done? Some threads suggest using worm medicine (Fenbendazol)?
If you cant find a trim you could buy bracers(?) for rimless tanks.
They were likely hiding in the substrate munching on the dead plant matter, and you disturbed them when planting, vacuuming, or adding water. 

In time they will settle back into the bottom where their food source is, and you probably wont see them again. 

They're just trying to keep things clean.
I've done a 50-70% water change every third day for the past week. Before every water change I've brushed the hardscape with a toothbrush and cleaned the glass with a scraper. Water is also crystal clear - I think the tank is clean? Also since I'm doing a fishless cycle the only dead thing in the tank may be some plants, but most of the melting happened 1-2 weeks ago and it has been doing well since.

I added a couple new plants a few days ago, and hadn't noticed them before. Could they have come with the plants?
I just bought a 180L used corner tank. And i just cleaned it. Rinsed it. let it dry for 24H to disinfect and then i did the mandatory 24Hour leak test which i Would recommend.
Java fern reproduce pretty readily, I'm constantly tying baby plants to pieces of driftwood with green thread and they do pretty well. Slow growing, but I'm fine with that.
I'm actually in Columbus, OH so I would make a drive out there to pick up some juveniles if you want to sell a few.
This is not your aquarium. This is a pretty big YouTuber's tank (aquapros), it's actually my favorite scaped* tank which is why I recognize it.

It's one of his older tanks so you probably thought no one would notice. I've notified him because he does watermark his work and it looks like you removed it or screenshotted one of the videos he did on the setup of this tank. [Here is the link to one of the videos.](https://youtu.be/mM7OLpyF9Ho)

Edit: Grammer errors and added link.
Rhabdocoela flatworms. Likely Mesostoma ehrenbergii. 

Unless you're treating for them, its gonna be nearly impossible to remove them from the tank. 

They are generally harmless to livestock, and primarily feed on rotting debris. If you have too many of them, then it usually means that the tank is dirty and they have an overabundance of food.
All points bulletin*
I bought them as adults so I can’t be sure about the age, my guess is 2-3 years old when I bough them. They started breeding about a month after I got them. 
I keep them in a 125 with a gravel capped soil substrate and a bunch of wood, so the ph comes down over time between water changes. As far as water parameters, it’s Indianapolis so the water is pretty hard and it’s about 7.7 most of the time. Keeping them breeding is mostly a function of 50% water changes every week and temp around 83 F. I also let them have some seaweed strips to graze on because they seem to like it more than some of the pellets I offer, but they really like the north fin algae pellet. They exclusively spawn on the big round river rocks and there’s plenty to choose from. If you want to know more, I can make a separate post detailing spawn to juvenile fish ready for a new home.
Thank you very much! Very happy with how it looks too!
Yep, it can be risky. Sometimes it’s best to just use tap water.
I’m with you. Looks great. It’s just a few inches they hang over and there is a huge support in the center. The glass will be fine.
Wow. Beautiful!
I think it’s cause I live not too far from some big factories but I tried the run off water it was brown then I put it in the drive way and it was brown too smh
Good on you to do all that research first!

My guppies/endlers really like Hikari Fancy Guppy pellets. New Life Spectrum 0.5mm pellet Community formula is a really good one, too. My guppies are not super-keen on flakes, for whatever reason, but the endlers enjoy Omega One Freshwater Flakes. Everyone also loves NutraFin Bug Bites and NLS Crustacean Formula, which I feed more sparingly.

Pellets are my favorite because they're a lot less messy. However, flakes are easier to crush up for any fry.
If you’re looking for rotkeils, I have a bunch of juvenile sand I’m in the Indianapolis area, I don’t need all of them to myself. 
Also at aquashella Chicago in September, I’m pretty sure Pleco Paradise had some that are older than my juveniles if you want to check them out.
If you’re looking for rotkeils, I have a bunch of juvenile sand I’m in the Indianapolis area, I don’t need all of them to myself. 
Also at aquashella Chicago in September, I’m pretty sure Pleco Paradise had some that are older than my juveniles if you want to check them out.
Angel usually jerks if they have limited spaces or the school fish you have are too small in group..

My Angels usually like to poke/chasing my tetra when they was around 3~5 of them then i add 10 more... Now those Angels only poke around them self..

I think they afraid from being gang up.. Lol
Rain water can be fine to use in aquariums as long as you don’t live next to some big polluting factory or are collecting the run off water from your roof.
Sweet, tank size?
If it's not an aquatic plant, it won't live underwater. You may be able to grow them with just their stems hanging in the water (emersed), though. No idea if those plants safe for fish, but I've grown pothos out of my tanks with no issues (that plant is slightly toxic to cats/dogs/people).
A really sharp razor blade from feather removes it almost completely. Then use some silicon remover and it gets completely clean.
I believe it’s a type of diatom, it can appear from high nitrates or silica, it’s somewhat common in new tanks too. I think that twig catfish, bristle nose, or possibly a dwarf pleco may eat it (there are others that will eat it too.)
IDK but it might be worth a shot asking some shops in your area if they know. Or, maybe they have a 55 gallon tank that's damaged and you can just take the trim?
Thank you for the additional warning. I just picked up some water from my LFS and the owner, who’s been working with me for years on my tanks, went back and forth with me and we THINK that the following may have happened:

I added about a dozen fist sized new rocks. 
Few days later I added 2 GBR. 
1 GBR died. 
GH was typically at 3 drops. Very soft water. By the first death, it was at 6 drops. 
Did lots of water changes. 
Second GBR died. 
Water change. GH was now at 8 drops. Keeps climbing!
ALL MY TETRAS DIE. 
MORE water changes. 
Pleco dies this morning. 
Test everything: 0 nitrite 7.6ish PH 30 nitrate maybe .15 ammonia 3 drops KH but 13 DROPS GH. 

My hardness was through the freaking roof. Like brackish water ABOVE marine life kind of hard. Neons and GBR are softwater fish. The drastic change would have upset the pleco. This entire process happened over about 11 days. 

I’ve as of now done a 50% water change and removed the rocks. My guy at the LFS said to soak the rocks for two weeks and keep rinsing them, and hopefully it will leach all the dust and particles out. We believe the particles leached into my main tank and shot my GH up, which absolutely could have killed my entire school of neons plus the pleco and definitely the GBR. 

Hopefully I’ve found the solution and can move forward more carefully without losing anyone else.
I can actually picture walking around in there lol
It’s done just fine for now, but I personally wouldn’t take the risk and wait for the day where it fails
Yes! That's nice.
Tank support aside, this tank is LIT. gj
Thank you so much friend. Lessons learned the hard way are lessons not soon forgotten.
I appreciate the input! I’m aware that there’s some bad luck of the draw when it comes to buying, but this was a school of 14 that had been slowly collected over times, from different batches. I’d added 3-4 fish at a time over 5-6 months. So they were varying stages of age, as well as different shipping batches from my LFS. I always consider a chance of losing about 20% of any group of fish I bring in, but to lose ALL of them so suddenly was a big hit that i can’t personally chalk up to bad fish. 

I’m hoping to solve the case and learn yet another tough lesson. Hopefully one day I’ll stop learning things the hard way!
Meanwhile I'm having panic attacks about a single bubble in my acrylic's seam and buying specialty mats despite having a level, oversized aquarium stand, lol.
Thank you! That’s a great point :)
I will say she doesn’t have symptoms of illness such as burns from ammonia, loss or color, lost/reduced gills, just symptoms of stress. 

There are very few plants suitable for the conditions axolotls need (no added light, water) but a few off the top of my head are Anubis, Java Moss, Marino Moss Balls, and Java Fern. Is there any way I can make my plants germinate to save money? They can get super expensive to buy! Half the tank could easily be $100 :(
Reminds me of my Dwarf Syndotinus lol
As first aid I scraped them off and then a 60% water change. No fish in the tank, still cycling. Ammonia 0, nitrites 4.5, nitrates 80.
It's definitely buy right or buy twice piece of equipment. A decent reg will work on a nano tank or a huge tank. They tend to hold their value pretty well also.
Yes, it is a common issue because the plant eating mystery snails often look very similar to the algae-only-eating mystery snails. [Look here as an example](https://www.applesnail.net/content/various/experiences_author.htm) for more information. There are some slight differences you may need to identify to ensure you have the right ones.
That looks so nice! Great job!!
I always love these, great job
Thank you! :)
Nope my boys have been good to me. One time my rotala started to melt and that was the only time they ate my plants; because the plants were already dying. If you have healthy plants and well fed snails, then they shouldn't bother your plants :D
Aside from the commentary about structural integrity and what not - your scape has a very calm and serene vibe going. Good job
Come on guys... this tank has barely 6 inches of hang on each side with 3 feet of tank stand contact. This tank is fine. As long as this stand is completely front to back which it looks like it is then its fine.
Have you tried an airstone or 2? They can give a decent amount of flow without it being super concentrated like a powerhead.
Gorgeous!
Great looking fish, I'm in the process of trying to track down severum for one of my tanks but can only find gold. Would love a rotkeil like that.
That little face omg adorable!
Yes, in general, larger tetras (including white and black skirts) will be fine with angelfish. Angels can be jerks, but most I've found will leave larger tetras alone. You may have issues with the smaller tetras (embers, cardinals, etc).
You should have a heater set to 70 just for the sake of consistency, and white clouds can survive low temps but that doesn’t mean they will thrive
Oh man, I had hoped for something like that. Started with 15, and a year later I definitely have more, about 50 in each of my two tanks. Definitely not enough to start selling. Maybe one day...
Before and after photos

https://imgur.com/gallery/Z5tf0hh
As others posters have mentioned, there are cases of internal illness as well as old age that can't really be seen easily on the fish or are externally visible. 

I'll also say this (and it's something most people avoid saying because they are afraid people will use it as a scapegoat), but sometimes its also just a matter of where you got the fish, how they were sourced, and the luck of the draw. There is a lot of "black box" thinking with keeping fish, we often do not know their age, relative shipping hardships, or any genetic or internal issues because we can't effectively communicate with them in that way.

If you determine a cause, and know better for the future, that's great and you should look into that. Sometimes, however, this will happen due to the vast amount of unknown information with specific species that we are buying and their conditions.
Would you be willing to send some to UK people in the future? :)
I have a tank with Mbuna, peacocks, and haps. The trick is to only add Mbuna that are smaller than your peacocks and haps. Mbuna don’t grow as large, so if you add them while they’re smaller, they will be smaller forever. 

I don’t know much about mixing from different lakes, but I’ve heard that mixing Malawi and Victoria cichlids are fine, just pay attention to aggression levels and make sure the aggressive fish are smaller.
So freaking beautiful. I’m jealous. I want a ted shoulder so bad. Ordered some at a lfs and they all had ick. They quarantined them and wouldn’t sell them yet. Never called me to say if they were ready. Ugh! I will get one though, a tiger and green one. My Oscar ate my baby green ones.
Awesome! Looking forward to more pictures of this one.
What a beaut!
Yo, that looks great!!
Just need a straight razor blade, some acetone, a little elbow grease and some patience. I've never tried one of those tools for removing caulk, but I've heard they help too.
Beautiful! I'm wanting to get into aquariums. Mind telling me what your setup is? I really like it!!
It's normal for fish to want to "play in the current" and swim against it. That being said, there needs to be areas of the system that are calmer for when they sleep or need to rest. If they are able to sit idle in a few spots in the system with little exerted effort, that's probably good enough.

If you see them blowing around a lot as if its hurricane Katrina, then you need to get a less powerful powerhead or break up the flow path.
Very true. Mine made it across my house in a night.
All police bulletin. Bad joke that he’s wanted by the police.
Aww you have ember and neons as well! I adore ember tetra their to cute! I have a school of ember and neons with a few cardinals thrown in! Your pleco is awesome looking!
Lucky i found it on the floor seconds after hed done it. Managed to get it back in the tank and survived but caught another one at it as i was doing it. Tube came straight out after that.
Can't add anything that hasn't been said, I'm new anyway so I'm just sending you a HUGE hug!
Oh no! Lol. I saw one swim up the tube once but the lid covers it anyways so no launching here.
Crazy community of people keeping glass boxes full of hundreds of pounds of water and rocks.....I love it.
I'll join the others in saying: java fern is almost impossible to kill. Shrimp love live plants, and java fern is basically a 'tie it onto a rock and forget about it' kind of plant.
You'd think they would, even just for marketing purposes. (former marketing major lol)
My kuhlis used the feeding tube as a kind of missile launcher to propel themselves out of the tank. #crazynoodles
I'm impressed you can get existing silicone off of old glass that easily. I tried once and gave up lol.
Those appear to be assassin snails. They will eat other snails, but not their own kind. Their population will grow very slowly, which is good as they're apex predators of the snail society. They won't need much specific care, you can just let them be. If I'm not wrong eggs are laid individually, and take \~2 months to hatch. Perhaps some are already incubating!
Y'all are gonna need shop vacs.
I totally get the concern, but this tank has lasted a lot of people many many years so I'll take my chances.
Sorry
Thank you so much that does explain a lot!
Hey there,Alex. I'm kinda a human hermit. I like your portable house. Gotta get me one of those. He's such a shy guy hahahahaha
It sounds like you're just a younger person still trying to figure out who they are and what they are truly interested in. Sometimes that result is going to be not fishkeeping anymore, and thats ok. I think more people then you think go in and out of fish keeping as a hobby based on circumstances, money, life, or other interests. It's ok for things to take a backseat for a few years so that other interests or priorities can be addressed.
Nothing comes to my mind. I'm doing water change once a week until I figure out what to do with the tank. I dose some EasyLife profito for the plants, but other then that, nothing special, no new plants, or new snails or like that.
I went out of the hobby when i was 10. At that point i had already had Aquarium for 3 years.  i went another 6 years without any Aquariums. And now 6 months ago i got back into the hobby still really interested. 

I found a problem back then was a lack of money, and space to grow my hobby. 

i tip is to look for used Aquariums and parts for a cheaper price. 
Also i turned feeding my fish fun again by feeding a verity of foods like frozen, and freeze dried.
I have 2 male pineapple swordtails with 3 female red velvets and 2 pineapple females. They all hang out together and the boys sure love the red velvets!
To be honest, with the social media revolution, the best sources will be hobbyists and blogs that you trust (whether thats youtube, reddit, or facebook groups, or other media). 

Most of the old-school forums are dying because its just not suited for the type of media people consume anymore, so although there is still plenty of good information on those platforms, some of it will be old and outdated thinking.

With respect to any gathering of information, your goal should always be to consume as much research as possible, and fact checking sources or papers to backup the overall viewpoint to ensure it is accurate. "Hivemind" thinking is dangerous and sometimes wrong, but in most cases it will lead you to a positive path if you diversify your sources enough and develop an overall "best case" viewpoint from that collected information.
Companies make bad products, and this is one of them.  It’s very telling that:   

Manufacturer no longer produces the tank or stand. In fact, they no longer produce any systems with this “feature.”

They only offer a 1 year warranty on this system - with a maximum extended warranty of another year (2 total.)  Most reef systems are barely mature in that timeframe.  Note that industry standard Marineland offers a Lifetime Guarantee for all of their systems.  

It looks cool, but it is definitely not a safe design.
Beat me to it. Looks great. How old were they when they started breeding? Do you know the tank parameters?
I disrespected her. My apologies. SHE'S gorgeous hahahahaha
For forums I like Fish Lore.
I tried re arranging my entire living room in hopes of finding him but have found anything. I briefly looked in my kitchen. I will start branching out today and looking in closets and bedrooms etc
When I have a second I’ll be shooting you a PM.
Aquarium co op, Website and YouTuber. well known and respected Aquarium YouTubers.
What is apb?
I always told myself that every time I walked into his store. But then my mind would always go nope when he told me the price and that it’s recommended to buy them all... so you can imagine when he hit me with a price I couldn’t turn down, I jumped.
Yea there was a corner by my filter where he technically could have escaped through
In a tank at that size, there is not much else that are true coldwater species that will do ok in temps in the 60s (I'm assuming this is indoors but without a heater). I've had some tropicals last years without a heater (by mistake on systems that had a failed heater with no controller on it), but I do not recommend that.

Most fish accustomed to warmer temperatures that are put in a coldwater environment will have low energy (lethargic), may have digestive issues, and will be more susceptible to disease. Their lifespan is typically reduced because of the issues above.
They are escape artists. Put out an APB
I have not pets but my fear is that he may have been out of the tank for too long. I live in a house that only has one floor and looked in the areas immediately around the tank even completely re arranged my living room and nothing.
Testing out my phone's manual mode with my black skirt tetras.
I’m gonna do my best! I ordered a half pound bag of veggie flake food from Aquatic Foods Inc. Hope they like it.
Added anything organic lately? 
Also i have no idea what that worm might be
Oh yes the Borneo loach...sorry
No. 


When the overtime on my job shuts down, I’ll take a pressure washer to each one. Til then, I just tell myself it adds character :s
I'm not sure, there's a lot of little critters! Seed shrimp though, tend to stick more to the glass when there's water turbulence: from my experience, they swim more in stagnant or slow moving water. The super tiny things may be a combination of microfauna.   


I think they're actually smaller than that a grain of salt at about 0.1mm.
Outdoor ponds aren't necessary unless you have a massive tank. An indoor pond could work well if you have the space?
It's a corydora, and think it's a mix between panda and true julii...
Try Anubis and java fern. Valsineria are also an easy plant
Once I had a cray scale the plants in my tank and make it out of my bedroom to my living room. He unfortunately nestled himself under a rug and died before I could find him. So id check under any nook and cranny on your floors
Did you have any areas uncovered at the top of his tank ? I had a white one vanish from that. Never found him.
Absolutely not. If click on the image link in my first comment you’ll see that the tetras are in a separate 30 gallon acrylic with other tetras.
I think a lot of people underestimate how long most fish can survive without food. Knowing from experience with certain fish in quarantine that for some reason will refuse all food from day 1, they will last 3-4 weeks.
They can go surprisingly far, because they can live a long time on land before they dry out. Crayfish and certain snails are typically big crawlers and will try to escape a lot so precautions should be taken. If you have cats or dogs, it's possible they got him.
I like how it looks like a flat screen TV on a TV stand from this angle
White cloud minnows really should be in at least a 20 gallon long (75L) or tank with similar dimensions. I would recommend getting a heater because there really are very few fish that would be happy without a heater and also in that tank size.
A lot less than that, but it also depends how much water is passing through the system, because the rate of use will define how quickly these filters deplete.

I typically replace DI resin on my reef system about every 6 months (this is defined as soon as the exit water goes above 0 TDS). I replace the carbon block and sediment filter once a year.

Summary costs:

Full 4 stage replacement (Sediment+carbon+DI resin): $ 27.
Extra DI resin at the 6 month mark: $ 10.

So, $ 37 a year. If you properly flush and maintain your RO membrane, that can last 3-5 years.
Due to the small size of tank it would be best to keep just a school of white clouds and then add a scavenger like a snail.   This fills up the tank.
I hope so too. I tried my luck with Frontosas, but I didn’t have enough to keep aggression down and couldn’t afford to buy more. So they were traded. I’m pretty excited to finally have the chance to keep fish like this.
Where does it say it has extra glass to compensate (as you said in another comment)?
Lol, he was originally for our african clawed frog.
Pearl Gourami, Albino BN, Red Phantom Tetras, Cherry Barbs, Neon Tetras, Cory Cats, Bolivian Ram 

Nerite, Ramshorn and MTS for snails and theres a couple of cherry shrimp in there somewhere too.
No, but I would definitely recommend you get live plants. Many are extremely easy, especially some mosses like christmas or java moss, which shrimp love.
I've had her for 8 years already.
Hello, I'm currently letting my tank run empty, only plants, and some snails. I noticed weird very tiny white worms on the side of my aquarium. Anyone got any idea what these might be? Planaria maybe?
I'm sorry, I didn't realize you had snails. It says to be careful using Kanaplex with invertebrates. I don't know if it's safe for snails. There isn't a lot of information about it in other forums, but other people seem to think it might not be safe. It's up to you if you want to chance it. I really hope everything works out for you.
What’s it stocked with?
The long is genuinely my favorite type of visual scene so I decided to go with it knowing I would limit myself species-wise with the lack of water depth. There is a wide beautifully rounded out tunnel between the two parallel pieces of driftwood as well as two caves to the left. One has a opening in the back and one does not. There is also a swim-through area behind it all that allows flow and hopefully adds a sense of openness for fish who want a full-tank track to follow.
And no, even children of other people aren't  going to be coming into my bedroom.
Seriouslyfish is the only website I use regularly for fish info. Other than that my main sources of info are other hobbyists that I trust.
I've just upgraded to a 240l tropical feel free to have a peak :) .... it's certainly an addiction
I always think Congo tetras look fabulous with rainbowfish.
That's great and all, but doesn't take away any of my concerns. 4 inches or so hanging off on each side, when the tank is only 24 inches, is a lot, to me. If a child or dog bumps that, I wouldnt want to see the outcome. 

Anybody can give me the old 'my kids know they arent supposed to play around it though!' But they're KIDS, and they play, and things happen. Kids and animals dont understand that you're pushing 400lb with glass, water, rock, sand, wood. 400lb will turn whatever is under it into a pancake. *Yea, it looks great, but the safety will always be my concern..*

My Godfathers son ran into their 125g when he was around 5. He knew the tank was there his entire life. THINGS HAPPEN. That corner split his head open like it was..nothing.

Even if you dont have kids, because I can understand that, do you have cousins, nieces nephews, friends with children etc? It's annoying to say 'BE CAREFUL AROUND THIS' 50x, when you could get a stand that doesnt expose corners etc.
Ok thanks!
I would just get a small powerhead. something like the hydor 240/425 shouldn't be too strong for you. most fish can handle more flow than you would think :)
Thanks! I love my tanks :)
Ugh, just went through his posts. Nightmare inducing.
Oh wow I always thought they needed brackish water....... oooooooooooo  ;)  also just had a look at your profile you have some serious tank business going on
Thank you so much! The stone and the driftwood are real btw.
You’ll have to grow them into sub adults before they’ll most likely take them
It's been set up for about 3 years now, haha :)
Gotcha. I will readjust my expectations with regards to price lol.
Well, if your fish are much larger and if he is a dwarf. Then you shouldnt have much problem.   


Best of luck with your new pet.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.aquaone.com.au/prodinfo-aquaone/AquaVis-130.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwifvoj_xNjlAhXaV30KHUt1CJ0QFjABegQICBAB&usg=AOvVaw2JMX1YwhlOZ4kvdESN9v5d
He's a spoooooooky ghost haha.
Do you have a link for the tank and stand then? 

It’s gorgeous.
Awesome!
For tanks with rims, you really just need the four corners. You'll notice that entirety of the bottom of a rimmed tank never touches anything. It's almost physically impossible to put enough pressure on the glass to break it from weight, it would eventually be some sort of shearing from an imbalanced load or a seal breaking that would do it.
This is how the tank is designed, guys! Stand and all. The glass is much thicker than regular.
Yes I use AMquel ammonia and chlorine remover. 

When they have died they will swim erratically and it seems like they develop some sort of swim ballder issue
I'll get one tonight when I get home and post in the thread.
Nah it's cool, it's been designed this way. The glass is especially thick to compensate.
I've always loved puffers.... but I'm purely freshwater and as far as I'm aware there's no freshwater variants
If you can get a better photo, I'd be interested to see! Maybe we can ID it so you can get a better handle on it.
Much more to it than the glass being unsupported. Children and pets are unpredictable, regardless of how thick that glass is, if it hits the ground it definitely isnt going to bounce back up to you.

Has nobody gone in their tank and made a 'wave' before when catching fish etc? If that wave got too large in this tank, it would fall off lol...but oh well
Thanks for your feedback! Yeah the seam looks still nice not dried or something.
I would turn the temp up to 90 f, keep the light off, cover it if possible and leave it that way for a good 10 days.  This assuming there are no fish in it.  Then start over.  

Good rule of thumb for the future - fish can loose their protective slim coat (which makes them susceptible to the parasites) with as little as a few degree drop in water temperature.  This most often occurs during a water change but can happen because an aquarium is placed badly in a room.  If the aquarium is near an air conditioning vent, an exterior door, or even a window.  The sunlight hitting the tank can raise it’s temp temporary and then drop again rapidly once the sun’s delineation moves it’s rays elsewhere.  I always recommend an interior wall, away from vents and windows (which can help with algae as well).

While most fish don’t cope well with a temperature drop, they generally handle increases much better.  Consider a drop if only a few degrees can bring about this parasitic woe, you can often get away with an increase with no ill side effects.  I use a good thermometer and generally speaking make the clean new water 2-5 degrees higher than the tank water.  As it mixes with the tank water the inhabitants only feel perhaps 1-2 degree raise in temperature.  Good luck and don’t let this wipe out discourage you.  While unfortunate, look at the learning it’s facilitated.  Every hobbyist has at least one incident like this.  Carry on!
Wet spot. Also “90125” on Aquabid is a breeder in Florida
I can't not see the purple ghost in this picture. 

I don't have anything to offer about the power head.
Thanks!
You did a great job!
It's a strange flubbery algae. Easy to clean off the rocks but pretty fast to grow. Trying to manage it with water changes, filter floss changes, and there's a mangrove in the sump. I need to find a nano skimmer and chaeto light so I can get better nutrient export.
Any suggestions for species to be introduced? I would like a school or 2 of about 7-8 each (no more than an inch in length) and a few larger characters. The overgrown freshwater (artificial) design is definitely what I’m going for (which may count some species out like bettas due to their fins and neons because they don’t fit the color scheme in my opinion) but beyond that any advice would be great!
There are cheaper ones but they can be unreliable or very difficult to adjust. They don't get significantly cheaper though.
Not true. The glass is overly thick for it’s size. Should hold up just fine. This is an expensive tank
Probably female based on looks, google venting and see  for certain
I like everything about this tank and I am way too picky about aquariums. This is some gorgeous work
This exactly OP, identify why the ich became so bad, poor water quality is the number one cause, this can also include ammonia and nitrate spikes
The tank is so calm, but the stand gives me anxiety
It's how to tell with the picture resolution, but it almost looks like a sponge??

Or dead/dying gha
What kind of loach is that
Look up no planaria on amazon. Itll kill off the hydra.
The tank is awesome but the stand makes me really nervous.
Buy a real tank stand before you break your 1000 dollar investment. And destroy your hardwood floors.
They are fun little fish... Enjoy!
If you have no fish in a heated tank, raise temp over 86F for a week and no ich will survive. 

The question is why did you have an ich outbreak - many fish carry it but usually it takes a stressor to have them die off
Salt
Google “Detox your thoughts”
Why is that terrifying?!
Damn hope you're alright. And I hope someones looking after the fish
My tank doesn't circulate very well, and that causes the temperature to vary a lot from side to side.  A lot of powerheads I keep finding seem to be very powerful, but I want to keep my tank on the still-er side for the fish I have planned.  

I need recommendations for products (or search terms).  It's a 75 gallon.
Yeah I'm pretty much a kid myself so you're probably right. I guess there's more balancing to it with these two sides overhanging. I can't even imagine what a mess this would be when it explodes, Jesus.
I don't really see why it would not work. The main disadvantage to Walstad tanks is that you can not easily change around the hard scape, or have extensive hard scape, so when you set up your co2 tank, make sure you are completely happy with your hardscape before changing it around. I would also get some dense carpeting plant to further stabilize the sand cap, and prevent any major cap breaches.


Potting soil also generally lasts 2 or so years in a normal walstad tank, and I'd say personally they have as many if not more nutrients than those specially designed aquarium soils. It won't last as long in a Co2 tank, but I'd give it a good year or so before it becomes depleted. You can also just do some mild dry dosing in order to decrease the strain on the soil as well so it lasts longer.
Make sure it's not the kind that grow to 12" to 24".  I don't know other people's rule of thumb, but mine is half the width of your aquarium, so a 55 gallon is probably 12" wide, so fish that grow to about 6" (really, I fudge this for some things that say they grow to 7 or 8" though). 

Also, make sure you quarantine it.  Plecos are one of the more notorious ich carriers from what I've heard.
It's all fair man, I had to think. I'm not saying I know it all either. Think of a bridge. If you only support the center, god forbid the ends get off balanced. I'd probably worry everytime I added a piece of scape, especially if it was heavy. I have kids & dogs, maybe that's why I see how completely, absolutely unsafe and a death wish this is, but..

'MOMMY MOMMY COME PLAY! *runs into fish tank in excitement*' Great
I live in New Zealand, my pond gets as low as 10C in winter, they struggle a bit in summer when my pond can get up to 26C

Axolotls do well in temps between 8C and 20C, they tolerate temps as low as just above freezing and up to 30C but not for long periods.
Fair enough, I guess you're right. I wasn't intending to disrespect or anything though, was just my dumbass thinking I knew something.
thank you! i may just not risk it and not get a betta; less sstress that way
I would much rather have 3 inches or so unsupported in the center, rather than 5 or so on each side. Again, I would assume a corner where 3 other pieces are joining, is a little riskier than a bottom flat panel, but that's my assumption.

Realistically though, no, corners unsupported are far worse. Have you never seen two pillars holding something up? That's the same concept. 

Bookshelves are usually press board, unless you shelled put for real wood, and real would wouldnt bow from a couple books..
Yea it looks similar just a different way of looking at the vials, 
You mentioned a device like a colorimeter? Is it the IO Rodeo thing? It’s the only one I’ve seen but they had profiles for reading api tests odknif they’d have something for your brand.
Every one of them yes. Spent a few days looking for the most realistic artificials I could find online while keeping a fully green look. A couple didn’t match what I was looking for and 1 or 2 may be coming out when I do the last setup before introducing fish.
Isn't leaving the center open even worse? Putting heavy books only on the middle of a shelf with support at the corners makes it bend, I imagine this would be the same. Either way, I think just full bottom support would be the safest way to go
Yup, Petco
So all of the trophies and tetras will be together in the same tank for a period of time?
Haha I’ve had the same happen to me shortly after I got them, i put my hand in the water slowly messing with the plants and it jumped at my hand and I nearly had a heart attack since I wasn’t expecting it.
Just keep in mind that the betta stomach is only as big as their eye, so be sure you aren’t over feeding, because they won’t stop eating. Also it’s good to not feed them one day out of the week to aid digestion
I have a weather loach that swims at the top of the water whenever flakes gets dropped in. He just opens his mouth and inhales all of it as he’s swimming around frantically.
One of the fancy goldfish passed away sadly, RIP licorice.
thank you! sounds like no betta is the move :)
It’s not, I shall answer.
I wish mine had one! I was visiting the UK and I felt like so many malls had really nice tanks!
Yeah the plan is to start by removing the rocks and doing a solid 0 additive RO water change to bring the GH back down. Then I think I’m just gonna let the tank sit for a week and see what happens. The GH from rocks makes the most sense, as it’s the only thing that’s changed and without outward proof I can’t really bring myself to use medication blindly. If I saw something to point me towards a parasite or bacteria I would but as of right now I’m gonna start with water quality.
If the seams look fine, it shouldnt be a problem, it's not that old. With my used tanks I almost always taken the time to reseal them. There are hundreds of YouTube videos about how to go about that, but it's really quite easy and cheap.  I can do a tank from start to finish in about and hour, depending on the size. It's good peace of mind.
[Aquatic Arts](https://aquaticarts.com/)
As u/dawgs311 said, it's a bristle worm.  Most are harmless, especially the freshwater ones.  Probably one of the best cleanup crew members ever, as it can get into all the little nooks and crannies.

Someone mentioned venomous, but they're likely thinking of the fireworm/bearded fireworm that is a nightmare in marine tanks.  Yours is NOT a fireworm, lol, and likely won't be venomous or harmful in any way.  That being said, there's LOADS of different species and I'd suggest being cautious and wear gloves when handling until you can identify it further.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Fish/comments/dsydy4/asked_to_post_some_of_my_severums_so_heres_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Here’s a batch of babies
thanks, i am gonna stay away from these then, not an expert fishkeeper yet :D
Sure
from your other comments, seems like some disease is what caused this. not an expert on this one, but you can start with general cure and go from there maybe?

&#x200B;

or it could just be the rocks you mentioned before?
Looks beautiful, hows the support system though? Dont want any explosions to happen xD
Sounds as [OHF](https://www.amazon.com/Aquarium-Canister-Filter-Cartridge-3-4-3-9/dp/B01JA77XH6), overhead filter or overhead sump, [monster fish keepers](http://www.arofanatics.com/forums/showthread.php?t=530618) use it extensively. It could be done in two variants: tricking or submerged. Imagine power outage scenario, what would happen to the bacteria in biomedia if media would be without water for prolonged time.

An advantage of this system is giant capacity and easy access for a cleaning, drawbacks are that this is not readily available everywhere and it's visible, not hidden inside the stand. And, as any other filter, it could filter (collect on mechanical filter media for future removal by you) only what was picked up by filter flow. Anything heavier needs to be siphoned out at water changes.
I really hope everything works out! 

As cheesy as it sounds, we're all in this together helping each other out, growing and learning more about the hobby, the animals, and it's ups and downs. We're all a part of this crazy community of people keeping glass boxes full of hundreds of pounds of water and rocks. Good luck to you and your critters!
I like it :)
My apologies my man. I’ll read the rules next time!
Lol Gary
are baby tears possible with that light? I love baby tears, but have never been able to grow them.
Looks too weak for this size of the tank, reviews say the same.
It may be the tank desogn.  It looks like a different brand, larger size version of the Fluval Edge
I have a tank with planted substrate (aquasoil like), in the middle I put organic potting soil about 1-2 inch and then covered with the planted substrate. The organic potting soil is fully covered, was told exposing it will attract algae. It’s been running for over 2 months and plants are doing great. I have another tank using sand with root tabs but the plants are not growing as well as the one using aquasoil like substrate. One minus point with such substrate is the easy uprooting before roots are established so I choose the fish carefully.
It's hard to tell sometimes=/ It could very well be the rocks.  If you're able to, check out that video anyway.  It's got some other educational stuff and a few suggestions.  He rambles at times, heads up.

It happens to everyone in the hobby at some point and it sucks=/. But I wish you luck!
Yeah he has some nips :(
Thank you my friend. I understand betta loss well. And it does hit hard! I’ve spent countless hours learning and scaling and growing this community tank and to have it destroyed like this is a rough one. But I do appreciate the kind words and I have somewhat of an action plan now to help preserve the remaining aquatic life and hopefully get back on the right track.
Thanks :)... but you have the eye haha I just sort of wing it
Takea look at these ways of [treating fin rot](https://www.myaquariumclub.com/how-to-treat-fin-rot-in-betta-fish-amp-other-species-19981.html), this should be better than salt bath.
It's ok man, I offer my condolences in this time. It may seem a bit silly to be upset over losing your fish to non fish keepers, but they really do become a part of your family. I lost one of my bettas recently to some kind of horrible infection that didn't show itself until the same day he passed away. I've still no idea what happened. He was fine one moment, me and my partner went to get groceries, then came home to him looking absolutely awful and on the bottom of the tank. I had meds, but it was too late.  

Sometimes these things just happen with our animals and there's not a lot we can do until symptoms show up. You don't gotta beat yourself up from this, especially a situation that sounds like was out of your control, and just take a step back and take a breather to get your bearings. Take a small walk, or something you do to relax, then come back and observe the tank under less pressure. Itll help to try and really see if anyone is acting odd, but hopefully it will also help you feel a bit better too.

Try to look for any fish acting abnormally from the rest, like isolating itself, swimming sporadically, swimming slowly, breathing heavy, etc. 

It could be some kind of internal infection, but I'm honestly just speculating. It probably would be a good idea to do a quarantine treatment bath, but there's also the risk of stressing out the remaining fish so I just don't know. Also, check to see if there's anything outside of the tank that could be a factor. 

I wish you and your fish the best of luck though.
Your's in nice too
See that’s where I’m at. I don’t KNOW if it’s a sickness. At this point I’ve narrowed down a huge spike in my GH, so I’m going to try removing the last batch of rocks I added two weeks ago. The GH had started creeping up since I added them but now it’s astronomical. If I can drop the GH by rock removal and I have no more deaths, I’ll count myself successful and stay away from the medications. This is a great backup plan though and I appreciate the suggestion!
Aww I love him! Those eyes are just beautiful
Nice scape man. Good job.
First, disclaimer, I know nothing about keeping amphibians. I'm a little confused, you said the parms are fine but the nitrate is high, so to me not fine, but as expected given your description. 

The analogy I have heard about not shocking your fish is imagine being locked in a smoky room. Taking you out of that smoky room and into fresh air is just what your need, so don't delay. Nitrate is toxic and your girl has symptoms. 

What I would do would be a 50% water change today, using good water conditioner and temperature matching. Also pull the rotting stuff out and chuck it. Then observe and do it again tomorrow. Then do it again on the third day unless you see something that makes you pause (with fish it might be ick or something). 

Totally not an aquarium thing but I know a fair bit about depression. One thing to do is make small improvements each day, so progress doesn't get overwhelmed by the whole journey ahead. Fixing up a the tank a little each day can be a way to help both of you. A self-sufficient tank isn't really possible, but you can do things to make it more self-sufficient. Stemmed plants work well. Especially ones that grow above the surface.
Thank you so much. I’ve learned some really tough lessons from jumping swordtails and ich taking over everything, but this is by far the hardest hit lesson. I think the fact the tank was perfect for six months and then I moved, then perfect again for two months and now practically 50% destroyed has really hit me hard. Im going to start with rock removal and a good water change and see how things go from there. Thank you again!!
I asked about how to keep unused cycled tank cycled and was told to periodically dose ammonia to keep bacterial population alive. And change water (high nitrates) before planning to buy new fish.
If you think it's a sickness and not anything else...(I once added peeled, boiled, zucchini to two tanks and lost 2-3 fish from each tank because of pesticides, I believe)...then I'd suggest doing a BIG water change, setting the temperature to ~78°F, and medicating it with Aquarium Co-op's Med Trio.  ** Unless you have more details/symptoms to go off of, this will help eliminate most common problems.  You can dose all of this in your main tank, too, without any issues(plant-safe/invert-safe/scaleless fish-safe).  Heads up though, too much Ich-X will stain some stuff, like airline tubing, blue.  Using it as suggested in the video won't, but s full treatment will.

[YouTube Video with instructions](https://youtu.be/LiPsTVtW77I).

[Link to the store](https://www.aquariumcoop.com/collections/fish-medicine/products/quarantine-meds-trio).
I did a lot of research on it and found that males often have “wrinkles”  behind their eyes which are lines that are visible with growth and their spotting also changes, and a darker line develops on the abdomen!  [pea puffer sexing](http://www.wetwebmedia.com/ca/volume_4/V4I1/sexing_puffers/Sexing_The_Dwarf_Puffer.htm)
The weird ones are the best ones.
This tank has three common plecos. Two are juveniles and then we have moose. The tank has enough filtration for an 800 gallon and they definitely get fed. A lot. They’re amazing fish but definitely outside the realm of care for most normal people.
There are some crazy stories from salt water hobbyist on trying to remove them, insanely expensive removals. Someone had to break a huge lava rock in half just to remove the bristle worm after trying to get rid of it for months.
They are hard to sex, how did you manage to sex them
Changing store (chain of stores) would be the best. Search for tropical fish stores should show what is at your location first, then read reviews, they should tell if they sell live fish. If you are in US, AquaSwap, AquaBid, eBay, local classifieds (stores could advertise there to, and breeders). Buying fish online is also an option, but not in the middle of the winter.

1. It is not common. If you see store where this is common, walk away to a better place or order online. And you can recognize signs of diseases or if you see dead fish in the tank, they are connected. 

2. Not buying sick fish and quarantining new arrivals.

3. If tanks in store are placed as an isles, tanks within this group are connected. There should be a door, leading inside. If all is behind the scenes, like in PetSmart, likely they all are connected.

Unfortunately, preventing problem (not buying sick fish or healthy looking fish from store with a lot of sick fish) in this case is the best solution.
When I am worried about shock, I add water sllooowwly. For example, I will put a bulldog paper clip on some bubbler tubing to make it very narrow, put the new water higher than the tank, and siphon a gallon of water per several hours.

I do the same to adapt new stock to my water parameters, diluting their travel water at a very slow trickle. I think there is a big difference between changing 30% of the water in 5 minutes and changing 30% of the water over 2 days.

In an emergency situation where I have had to quickly put fish in precondition water from the store due to, say a tank leak, even though the water is supposedly perfect for their species, there is obvious physical stress and I can tell from their behavior they've got some injury from it.
shouldnt be too difficult to extend the frame with some scrap wood. and this looks so gorgeous!! welcome to the community!
I also have a pearl with tummy nose tetras
no problem! losing fish from hard water can be hard because you have to determine if it's a disease or just water parameters and can be confusing, let me know if you need any more help!
I appreciate that friend. I’ll have to look into kanaplex as I have a years worth of breeding assassin snails in this tank as well and I don’t want to destroy that colony, which is why I wondered if I could remove and treat the fish and tank separately. Thank you for the suggestion.
what if you did a 10% water change every day for a few weeks, she would slowly get used to cleaner water.

What are your nitrate levels and how did you test?
Love that. So is there any difference between having, say, 10 shrimp all the same color Vs. having 10 shrimps all different color. They seem pretty easy to care for. Would I need an elaborate tank set up?
Tank is fully cycled and established. I figured since there was so much death and to hopefully prevent more if I did more frequent high quality water changes it would keep things fresher and more pristine and help prevent further losses.
Haps from lake victoria can often be mixed with haps from lake malawi, but mbuna should be kept with mbuna and lake Tanganyikans should be stocked only with very carefully selected Tanganyikans.   A single peacock is fine - they should be kept in an harem setting of one male and several females otherwise, not just a random group (they are not shoaling fish like mbuna.  In the wild a male peacock is actually a solitary fish.
I use RO water from my LFS, which is where I’ll be going when they open in two hours to grab 20 gallons. I think I’ll start with removing the rocks and doing a good water change and go from there. Thank you for your kindness and suggestions.
yup it's just gills then, pretty cool being able to see it developing!
I was showing off how clean it was lol, if anything they’re good at cleaning it. Not great with schooling, but then again their “professional” is a petco manager
Yeah, they are very translucent. I can see their spines and bones, they haven't colored up yet.
you will need to remove the rocks and do several water changes before the gh will drop. if you have access to distilled or rodi water (that has 0 gh) you can dilute it down a lot faster. also double check your tap to make sure the gh going in hasn't risen for some reason

if it jumped that high very quickly it def. could result in losses of stuff like rams and neon tetras that prefer softer water.
Yea, at least six per school is a good bet.
I’m not sure how many cories there are, so far just the one I think. They had a one-eyed black skirt in with the whites for a while, and I debated on adopting him since he could barley see, but he passed before I could
Aren't they also bought as live feed?
I got it out of the tank ... really looks like a little white centipede. Seems dawgs311 was on the money ... freshwater bristle worm. Apparently harmless and very rare to accidentally end up with one in your tank.
This tank company also markets a glass bowl that suggests it's designed for goldfish so I wouldnt be surprised if the company sold this setup like this.   That said fluval does (or did) sell a 6 gallon tank called the fluval edge or something.   Granted that's much smaller and less weight than a 33 gal
> '...Axolotls do not hibernate, so it is not helpful to cool them below 10 °C, although they shouldn't suffer unduly if kept at these lower temperatures.
Some hobbyists in temperate regions maintain axolotls in outdoor ponds. These ponds may even ice over during the winter. Provided the winter isn't particularly harsh or long, axolotls can do quite well under outdoor conditions. Obviously, a food source must be present during the rest of the year.'
Bettas need a very clean water or they get sick in no time,  see r/bettafish for how it looks like and a final outcome. 

If add snails to betta tank, I would say few ramshorms, if you would keep their population in check. Or one nerite, if there is enough algae for it.
I did clean them well. Rinsed multiple times in very hot water then left to dry for a while, then scrubbed again. I just checked everything again and my GH is at the 13 drop mark, which is as far as the paper goes PAST marine life and into the brackish water/lake ciclid/goldfish range. I have no idea how the GH could be so high but everything else is stable. 

Would you suggest removing all of my new rocks (I know the older rocks never caused this problem, so I’d say those would be safe to leave)
and see if anything changes?
Not much worth showing off here...  nice stand and hood I suppose
you are probably seeing their gills! sometimes that can be a sign of ammonia burn but if your tank has no ammonia it is probably just that their color is more translucent there so you are seeing through to the gills.
toucans are great but on the rare/expensive side, ember tetras are one of my favorites and a lot easier to find usually!
Moose (the pleco) only started doing this within the past couple months. It seems to be a size thing as my two others don’t do this.
We live in The Pacific Northwest so water is pretty much free.
your parameters seem good which just points to a disease being introduced from the rams like you suspect. The problem is without visible symptoms it's hard to decide what to treat! you are sure you saw no obvious symptoms before or on the bodies after death?

I could MAYBE see the rocks effecting the tetras depending on what kind of tetra they were but it seems unlikely to cause them to die so rapidly. Another possibility is a chemical contaminant from the rocks. did you clean them well before putting them in?
Thank you!
He did in fact get bopped. Very gently, of course.
thanks, i am always learning about small fishes. trying to find more colored fishes like neon tetras that stand out in tank.
Awesome, thanks!
My I love my Pearl! Gouramis in general are amazing but something special about Pearls!
The test is, can you dose your tank to 3ppm ammonia and have it go to zero in under 10 hours.
I just read your other post. It does sound like they're sick with something even if you're not seeing symptoms. What I would do is dose Kanaplex. You can either put it directly into the water column or you can dose it along with Focus and mix it into the food. My LFS suggested the second option for me. 

I don't think there's any point to putting your fish into a quarantine tank because the whole tank is infected at this point. I'm really sorry you're having to deal with this. I really hope you're able to treat everyone else and you don't have anymore losses. I also don't think you should beat yourself up because everyone makes mistakes.
I was just suggesting an all black background, it’s minimalistic and usually pulls the looks of an aquarium all together.
Okay
if it is columnaris, you might want to quarantine this fish. it might spread to others
Are those plants fake?
I grew up with my Father owning several large tanks (had a 300gal in our living room with pacus and a 180 reef tank in our dining room). I got my first tank when I was 13, 60 gal with whatever fish I thought looked cool (all I really remember was my four dojos and a dwarf gourami) when we would go to the LFS. Sold it, joined the Army, got married, bought a house and now finally getting back into it at the age of 28. Have a 75, 80, and a 30 long.
Yep. Catching snails and removing them is a safer option.
you live and learn. this will make you a better fish keeper for the future.

&#x200B;

why were you changing water every 3-4 days? is the tank cycled?
Your submission has been removed for breaking the following rule:

> **3. All for sale, give away, and looking to buy posts are not allowed and belong in r/AquaSwap.** This subreddit is not a place to sell fish or equipment, nor is it a place to shop. This includes advertisements for sales/deals/specials.




If you have any questions or concerns, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAquariums&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://old.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/comments/dsxk5k/-/. %0D%0DMy issue is...).
juvenile I would say, the biggest one I have is a bit wider and a tiny bit longer. they do max out around .6" though

(they are basically the size of chili rasboras with the body shape more like ember tetras)

https://i.imgur.com/nIuUMi8.jpg this is a larger one
Peapuffers are very interesting but require special feeding, are small and not safe with shrimp as any other pufferfish. Crayfish is better to be in the tank of its own, anything that has pincers will use them. Buch of colorful (same color) shrimp will hide as soon as any fish will be added, shrimp centered tank is better, they are always in the open.

Any unusual striking fish usually grows big and needs big tank, bichir for example.
Well I made the mistake of introducing two electric rams without quarantining, and after two years of fish from that shop this was the first big problem that happened. Both of them died, and then all the tetras, and now my pleco. My 7 corries and 3 rummynose and 4 white clouds are fine. 

My waters been consistently ~7.8 PH 0Ammonia 0Nitrite and around 30-40 nitrate, which is what I’ve always had it at. My KH and GH has always been 3-4 drops but the last check I did last week the KH was 3 but the GH was 8. 

Could my new rocks have something to do with all this havoc? They’ve been in the tank about two-three weeks now, and they’re the only thing I can think of that would specifically raise JUST the GH. They’re standard assorted freshwater rocks, not holey or chalky or anything just your average riverstones.
Tons of plants, my Pleco, my Beta and the neon trio. Thinking about African Dwarf frogs and shrimps and etc. Looking to be as eco system as possible instead of aquarium. I'm still at planning stages. Used to raise Mollies because they've got some beauties out there. Learning!
Do medium sized guppy fry typically have reddish throats? I'm worried that it's because of my care. I've never taken care of young guppies before, so I'm unsure.
is this a baby or adult?
Betta tank [has to be kept clean](https://www.myaquariumclub.com/why-are-partial-water-changes-pwcs-so-incredibly-important-20150.html), gravel vacuuming should be used, water changes kept at 30-50% weekly, if necessary, filter kept clean (this is one of the ways of doing this, an opposite point of view should be added soon by someone else), light or photoperiod could be too much, ask r/PlantedTank for advice on balancing light and nutrients.

Bacteria are everywhere in the tank, not only in the filter. Making custom filter media is an option and do not replace it all at once, if you wish to do so. Purigen could help with nitrogenous waste, but only if you do not add tannins to your water.

And yes, on more natural, dark substrate any bacterial and algae growth will be less noticeable.
looks very similar. but i cant make out triangular head on it. if you have one planaria, you have 50 more in the gravel.

&#x200B;

here's links to planaria pictures, looks almost like yours

[http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-vhXcpwZEyCg/VddpBnSbX7I/AAAAAAAAFPo/dZfyZ6jm7uw/s1600/Planaria%2B02.jpg](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-vhXcpwZEyCg/VddpBnSbX7I/AAAAAAAAFPo/dZfyZ6jm7uw/s1600/Planaria%2B02.jpg)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

read this one

[https://fishlab.com/planaria/](https://fishlab.com/planaria/)
for your morale booster: Pretty much everyone in the hobby goes through stuff like this, in fresh and saltwater. I've been working at a lfs for some time now and I have seen it all and it even happened to me recently in a diy co2 accident that made me lose all my fish :(  From what you have said here you haven't done anything wrong, not everything is in our control sadly. At least you actually care, that's half the battle! 

now on to helpfulness, what are your water parameters? (ammonia, nitrite, nitrate, pH) without that info it's hard to help too much
Stop making me jealous.
Did you dechlorinate tap water? Any signs of diseases or agitated behaviour before they died?
In theory (if physics and statics is anything to go by), the two vertical sections below the exiting tank are taking most of the weight of the existing tank and the two on the right would take most of the weight of the new tank so I think presence of current tank physically doesn’t have much effect on your original question in hand since it will be mostly (not completely, but mostly) different parts of the furniture holding up each tank.

How about mark the water level on left and right side of the current tank, start filling up the new tank and if the water level of current even budges in the slightest, you stop and take the new tank away, if it stays solid I think you could pull it off keeping it there...

I'm not physicist, these are just suggestions because I have been in the same boat as you are now, desperately wanting a new tank but worried it will not suit the place I wanted it at. If it goes t\*\*ts up don't blame me haha.

&#x200B;

edit: sorry i just noticed comment that you already have both in place full of water...
That’s what I thought at first but this is a freshwater tank ... freshwater ones seem rare?
Love the centerpiece :)
Best name
Wow gorgeous eyes!!
He reminds me of one of my bettas that likes to eat the algae wafers I put in for his tankmates. Some fish are just weird
Weekly 30% [water change](https://www.myaquariumclub.com/why-are-partial-water-changes-pwcs-so-incredibly-important-20150.html) (or more, if situation calls for this, there is no fixed number) with vacuuming substrate and removing any waste. Biweekly squeezing sponge filter in old tank water and cleaning glass. Twice a day [feeding](https://www.myaquariumclub.com/skinny-bettas-underfeeding-might-be-worse-than-overfeeding-19292.html).

If anyone gets [sick](https://www.myaquariumclub.com/how-to-treat-fin-rot-in-betta-fish-amp-other-species-19981.html), treatment time and outcome are unpredictable. More water changes as a first step.
Im on the fence about a pond. Either way, he has a bigger environment to go to in the spring.
I'm not sure how much they charge for water where you live, but it's pretty cheap around here.  I'd imagine the cost to heat the water is around 10x the cost of the water itself.
It's not 100% necessary but keep in mind the betta may be ill with something that isn't easy to treat in a display tank.
Tank will 100% crack like this, just a matter of time
That didn’t last long. Can not find it for that price now
It's normal for newly established tanks to go through bacteria blooms as everything settles down. Just follow a normal [fishless cycle](https://www.fishkeeping.co.uk/articles_51/fishless-cycling-article.htm).
Coming in for a hug!
Yes, his name is Edward
Is a $150 reg really considered a budget option? I need to replace a junky reg but that's quite a bit of cash..
Don't take my word for it bc I'm p new to the hobby, but could it be ammonia burn?
Okay thanks a bunch. Amazon reviews are never that reliable. Plus I'd prefer not to shop on it anyways.
What are you planning on putting in there?
Looks like something else loves his fins also.
I actually kind of like the wall but I'm also a little bit of a minimalist lol. So far all the backgrounds I've seen are super tacky...
The turtle or the camera man/woman? Lol
Yeah, as far as I know frameless tanks have to be completely supported on a flat surface underneath. Even a rimmed tank needs supported specifically at the corners. 

Unless I am missing something here.
This is a good plan. I bought one of the cheap apps for keeping track of my two tanks and ponds water tests, equipment, and livestock. Easy to reference when not at home and I just input readings/etc when I make a change.
I dont think having both side hanging on the air is safe for your tank
My son- in- law had saltwater and freshwater tanks all over the house but my daughter has no interest in any of it lol. He and I share the interest instead. Yes, it did damage to their budget for a few years until he got it under control and now he has 2 massive tanks, one saltwater and one fresh. She still rolls her eyes hahahahaha
More people do that then you might think.
This guy is miniscule he wont be able to touch any of my fish..
This is me warming up for FPS games
they all do, the cory i bet is especially lonely
You can tell by the claws. Its a crayfish.   


Hopefully a dwarf one, since you have plants.   


Feed it some extra wafers and food and you might not have to worry about your plants.   


They will also eat your fish if they are small enough. (they are rather ingenious hunters.)
I did something similar recently and put everyone in a temporary holding bowl. The process was a little longer than I would have expected and involved a few water changes to clear it up.
They would if I was not affecting changes on a regular basis. I have 6 colonies of this strain now and I regularly cut them back to 6 males and 6 females in each colony, take a pair from each colony, and distribute them back into the 6 tanks.

I also use live plants and autofeeders to keep them growing and everything balanced. They are fed small meals at least 6 times a day. Usually a batch of fry is ready to be sold in about 70 days.
I'me sure there are some grocery brands that are fine, but it's too hard to be sure as they're not required to list ingredients, so I just go with the guaranteed option.
Good idea. Just keep in mind that some fish stores just try to sell you as much as possible and therefor might not give adequate advice.

If possible, I would try to trade one of the males for a female.
You can try to pluck him out with tweezer I would guess ? I would keep watch just to make sure hes the only one around before treating the whole thing. As for what it is, no clue.
Looks like a bristle worm
We're all good now as the tank is cycled.  Fish are healthy.
That is a good point. I think I have the old pictures archived but it's a shame this particular test is so unclear. Not only is the color scale very similar but the value scale jumps up towards the end.

Since I'm cycling the "do-something" range does not yet apply because I have to see my tank set somewhere first. Until then I'll just measure less often and once nitrites drop to 0, I'll take pre/post water change readings and use those as a benchmark.
Looks very nice, how is it being supported may I ask?
That’s a good point. I was more worried about the aggression between the 2 males fighting over the female, I’ll talk to my lfs and see that they suggest as well
It’s between the glass and my internal filter (juwel 180) looks like a centipede about 2 inches long. No clue how it could have gotten into my tank ... hitchhiker on a plant I guess?
Mine share space with commons quite hapily. I'm also planning on adding some Wakins. They do well with comets too.
Is your tank large enough for adding two extra puffers? Less space per fish usually results in more aggression, not less.
Awesome! I use it in conjunction with Dr Tim's One and Only for the bacteria starter. It hasn't failed me yet through three cycles.
Yup I feed mine live minnows and shrimp.
I agree, looks alot like mine!
 https://imgur.com/gallery/GQv4GCZ
Okay, thank you so much! I'm gonna grab some off of amazon right now.
Perfect, thank you so much! Just ordered some off of Amazon.
Okay thanks
Looks like cotton much disease. Columnaris is a bacterial infection. If you Google you will find best treatment.
He’s getting exercise
I think it’s a dwarf crayfish as well
Salt or brackish?
Pepper cory!
Mate thats stunning.... shits all over mine haha have a peak on my profile :)
Ok thank you.
Sounds fine for that number.  I have bristlenose in with guppies and they get along fine. Mine do spend a fair chunk of their time in the shadowy places so the behaviour of yours doesn't sound too out of order.
